
Mommy! Mommy! Mommy is asleep on the floor. She has been asleep for a long time. I brush her hair because she likes that. She doesn’t wake up. I shake her. Mommy! My tummy hurts. It is hungry. He isn’t here. I am thirsty. In the kitchen I pull a chair to the sink, and I have a drink. The water splashes over my blue sweater. Mommy is still asleep. Mommy wake up! She lies still. She is cold. I fetch my blankie, and I cover Mommy, and I lie down on the sticky green rug beside her. Mommy is still asleep. I have two toy cars. They race by the floor where Mommy is sleeping. I think Mommy is sick. I search for something to eat. In the freezer I find peas. They are cold. I eat them slowly. They make my tummy hurt. I sleep beside Mommy. The peas are gone. In the freezer is something. It smells funny. I lick it and my tongue is stuck to it. I eat it slowly. It tastes nasty. I drink some water. I play with my cars, and I sleep beside Mommy. Mommy is so cold, and she won’t wake up. The door crashes open. I cover Mommy with my blankie. He’s here. Fuck. What the fuck happened here? Oh, the crazy fucked up bitch. Shit. Fuck. Get out of my way, you little shit. He kicks me, and I hit my head on the floor. My head hurts. He calls somebody and he goes. He locks the door. I lay down beside Mommy. My head hurts. The lady policeman is here. No. No. No. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me. I stay by Mommy. No. Stay away from me. The lady policeman has my blankie, and she grabs me. I scream. Mommy! Mommy! I want my Mommy. The words are gone. I can’t say the words. Mommy can’t hear me. I have no words. “Christian! Christian!” Her voice is urgent, pulling him from the depths of his nightmare, the depths of his despair. “I’m here. I’m here.” He wakes and she’s leaning over him, grasping his shoulders, shaking him, her face etched with anguish, blue eyes wide and brimming with tears. “Ana,” His voice is a breathless whisper, the taste of fear tarnishing his mouth. “You’re here.” “Of course I’m here.” “I had a dream . . .” “I know. I’m here, I’m here.” “Ana.” He breathes her name, and it’s a talisman against the black choking panic coursing through his body. “Hush, I’m here.” She curls around him, her limbs cocooning him, her warmth leeching into his
body, forcing back the shadows, forcing back the fear. She is sunshine, she is light . . . she is his. “Please let’s not fight.” His voice is hoarse as he wraps his arms around her. “Okay.” “The vows. No obeying. I can do that. We’ll find a way.” The words rush out of his mouth in a tumble of emotion and confusion and anxiety. “Yes. We will. We’ll always find a way,” she whispers and her lips are on his, silencing him, bringing him back to the now.
I stare up through gaps in the sea grass parasol at the bluest of skies, summer blue, Mediterranean blue with a contented sigh. Christian is beside me, stretched out on a sun lounger. My husband—my hot, beautiful husband, shirtless, and in cut-off jeans—is reading a book predicting the collapse of the Western banking system. By all accounts, it’s a page-turner. I haven’t seen him sit this still, ever. He looks more like a student than the hotshot CEO of one the top privately owned companies in the United States. On the final leg of our honeymoon, we laze in the afternoon sun on the beach of the aptly named Beach Plaza Monte Carlo in Monaco, although we’re not actually staying in this hotel. I open my eyes and gaze out at the Fair Lady anchored in the harbor. We are staying, of course, on board a luxury motor yacht. Built in 1928, she floats majestically on the water, queen of the all the yachts in the harbor. She looks like a child’s wind-up toy. Christian loves her—I suspect he’s tempted to buy her. Honestly, boys and their toys. Sitting back, I listen to the Christian Grey mix on my new iPod and doze in the late afternoon sun, idly remembering his proposal. Oh his dreamy proposal in the boathouse . . . I can almost smell the scent of the meadow flowers . . . “Can we marry tomorrow?” Christian murmurs softly in my ear. I am sprawled on his chest in the flowery bower in the boathouse, sated from our passionate lovemaking. “Hmm.” “Is that a yes?” I hear his hopeful surprise. “Hmm.” “A no?” “Hmm.” I sense his grin. “Miss Steele, are you incoherent?” I grin. “Hmm.” He laughs and hugs me tightly, kissing the top of my head. “Vegas, tomorrow, it is then.” Sleepily I raise my head. “I don’t think my parents would be very happy with that.”
He thrums his fingertips up and down my naked back, caressing me gently. “What do you want, Anastasia? Vegas? A big wedding with all the trimmings? Tell me.” “Not big . . . Just friends and family.” I gaze up at him moved by the quiet entreaty in his glowing gray eyes. What does he want? “Okay.” He nods. “Where?” I shrug. “Could we do it here?” he asks tentatively. “Your folks’ place? Would they mind?” He snorts. “My mother would be in seventh heaven.” “Okay, here. I’m sure my mom and dad would prefer that.” He strokes my hair. Could I be any happier? “So, we’ve established where, now the when.” “Surely you should ask your mother.” “Hmm.” Christian’s smile dips. “She can have a month, that’s it. I want you too much to wait any longer.” “Christian, you have me. You’ve had me for a while. But okay—a month it is.” I kiss his chest, a soft chaste kiss, and smile up at him. “You’ll burn.” Christian whispers in my ear, startling me from my doze. “Only for you.” I give him my sweetest smile. The late afternoon sun has shifted, and I am under its full glare. He smirks and in one swift move pulls my sun lounger into the shade of the parasol. “Out of the Mediterranean sun, Mrs. Grey.” “Thank you for your altruism, Mr. Grey.” “My pleasure, Mrs. Grey, and I’m not being altruistic at all. If you burn, I won’t be able to touch you.” He raises an eyebrow, his eyes shining with mirth, and my heart expands. “But I suspect you know that and you’re laughing at me.” “Would I?” I gasp, feigning innocence. “Yes you would and you do. Often. It’s one of the many things I love about you.” He leans down and kisses me, playfully biting my lower lip. “I was hoping you’d rub me down with more sunscreen.” I pout against his lips. “Mrs. Grey, it’s a dirty job . . . but that’s an offer I can’t refuse. Sit up,” he orders, his voice husky. I do as I’m told, and with slow meticulous strokes from strong and supple fingers, he coats me in sunscreen. “You really are very lovely. I’m a lucky man,” he murmurs as his fingers skim over my breasts, spreading the lotion. “Yes, you are, Mr. Grey.” I gaze coyly up at him through my lashes. “Modesty becomes you, Mrs. Grey. Turn over. I want to do your back.” Smiling, I roll over, and he undoes the back strap of my hideously expensive bikini. “How would you feel if I went topless, like the other women on the beach?” I ask. “Displeased,” he says without hesitation. “I’m not very happy about you wearing so little right now.” He leans down and whispers in my ear. “Don’t push your luck.” “Is that a challenge, Mr. Grey?”
“No. It’s a statement of fact, Mrs. Grey.” I sigh and shake my head. Oh, Christian . . . my possessive, jealous, control freak Christian. When he’s finished, he slaps my behind. “You’ll do, wench.” His ever-present, ever-active BlackBerry buzzes. I frown and he smirks. “My eyes only, Mrs. Grey.” He raises his eyebrow in playful warning, slaps my backside once more, and sits back down on his lounger to take the call. My inner goddess purrs. Maybe tonight we could do some kind of floor show for his eyes only. She smirks knowingly, arching a brow. I grin at the thought and drift back into my afternoon siesta. “Mam’selle? Un Perrier pour moi, un Coca-Cola light pour ma femme, s’il vous plait. Et quelque chose a manger . . . laissez-moi voir la carte.” Hmm . . . Christian speaking fluent French wakes me. My eyelashes flutter in the glare of the sun, and I find Christian watching me while a liveried young woman walks away, her tray held aloft, her high blond ponytail swinging provocatively. “Thirsty?” he asks. “Yes,” I mutter sleepily. “I could watch you all day. Tired?” I flush. “I didn’t get much sleep last night.” “Me neither.” He grins, puts down his BlackBerry, and stands. His shorts fall a little and hang . . . in that way so his swim trunks are visible beneath. Christian takes his shorts off, stepping out of his flip-flops. I lose my train of thought. “Come for a swim with me.” He holds out his hand while I look up at him, dazed. “Swim?” he says again, cocking his head to one side, an amused expression on his face. When I don’t respond, he shakes his head slowly. “I think you need a wake-up call.” Suddenly he pounces and lifts me into his arms while I shriek, more from surprise than alarm. “Christian! Put me down!” I squeal. He chuckles. “Only in the sea, baby.” Several sunbathers on the beach watch with that bemused disinterest so typical, I now realize, of the French as Christian carries me to the sea, laughing, and wades in. I clasp my arms around his neck. “You wouldn’t.” I say breathlessly, trying to stifle my giggling. He grins. “Oh, Ana, baby, have you learned nothing in the short time we’ve known each other?” He kisses me, and I seize my opportunity, running my fingers through his hair, grasping two handfuls and kissing him back while invading his mouth with my tongue. He inhales sharply and leans back, eyes smoky but wary. “I know your game,” he whispers and slowly sinks into the cool, clear water, taking me with him as his lips find mine once more. The chill of the Mediterranean is soon forgotten as I wrap myself around my husband. “I thought you wanted to swim,” I murmur against his mouth. “You’re very distracting.” Christian grazes his teeth along my lower lip. “But I’m not sure I want the good people of Monte Carlo to see my wife in the throes of passion.” I run my teeth along his jaw, his stubble tickly against my tongue, not caring a dime for the good people of Monte Carlo. “Ana,” he groans. He wraps my ponytail around his wrist and tugs gently, tilting my head back,
exposing my throat. He trails kisses from my ear down my neck. “Shall I take you in the sea?” he breathes. “Yes,” I whisper. Christian pulls away and gazes down at me, his eyes warm, wanting, and amused. “Mrs. Grey, you’re insatiable and so brazen. What sort of monster have I created?” “A monster fit for you. Would you have me any other way?” “I’ll take you any way I can get you, you know that. But not right now. Not with an audience.” He jerks his head toward the shore. What? Sure enough, several sunbathers on the beach have abandoned their indifference and now regard us with interest. Suddenly, Christian grabs me around my waist and launches me into the air, letting me fall into the water and sink beneath the waves to the soft sand below. I surface, coughing, spluttering and giggling. “Christian!” I scold, glaring at him. I thought we were going to make love in the sea . . . and chalk up yet another first. He bites his lower lip to stifle his amusement. I splash him, and he splashes me right back. “We have all night,” he says, grinning like a fool. “Laters, baby.” He dives beneath the sea and surfaces three feet away from me, then in a fluid, graceful crawl, swims away from the shore, away from me. Gah! Playful, tantalizing Fifty! I shield my eyes from the sun as I watch him go. He’s such a tease . . . what can I do to get him back? While I swim back to the shore, I contemplate my options. At the sun loungers our drinks have arrived, and I take a quick sip of Coke. Christian is a faint speck in the distance. Hmm . . . I lie down on my front and, fumbling with the straps, take my bikini top off and toss it casually onto Christian’s sun lounger. There . . . see how brazen I can be, Mr. Grey. Put this in your pipe and smoke it. I shut my eyes and let the sun warm my skin . . . warm my bones, and I drift away under its heat, my thoughts turning to my wedding day. “You may kiss the bride,” Reverend Walsh announces. I beam at my husband. “Finally, you’re mine,” he whispers and pulls me into his arms and kisses me chastely on the lips. I am married. I am Mrs. Christian Grey. I am giddy with joy. “You look beautiful, Ana,” he murmurs and smiles, his eyes glowing with love . . . and something darker, something hot. “Don’t let anyone take that dress off but me, understand?” His smile heats a hundred degrees as his fingertips trail down my cheek, igniting my blood. Holy crap . . . How does he do this, even here with all these people staring at us? I nod mutely. Jeez, I hope no one can hear us. Luckily Reverend Walsh has discreetly stepped back. I glance at the throng gathered in their wedding finery . . . My mom, Ray, Bob, and the Greys are all applauding—even Kate, my maid of honor, who looks stunning in pale pink as she stands beside Christian’s best man, his brother Elliot. Who knew that even Elliot could scrub up so well? All wear huge, beaming smiles—except Grace, who weeps graciously into a dainty white handkerchief. “Ready to party, Mrs. Grey?” Christian murmurs, giving me his shy smile. I melt. He looks divine
in a simple black tux with silver waistcoat and tie. He’s so . . . dashing. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” I grin, a totally goofy smile on my face. Later the wedding party is in full swing . . . Carrick and Grace have gone to town. They have the marquee set up again and beautifully decorated in pale pink, silver, and ivory with its sides open, facing the bay. We have been blessed with fine weather, and the late afternoon sun shines over the water. There’s a dance floor at one end of the marquee, a lavish buffet at the other. Ray and my mother are dancing and laughing with each other. I feel bittersweet watching them together. I hope Christian and I last longer. I don’t know what I’d do if he left me. Marry in haste, repent at leisure. The saying haunts me. Kate is beside me, looking so beautiful in her long silk gown. She glances at me and frowns. “Hey, this is supposed to be the happiest day of your life,” she scolds. “It is,” I whisper. “Oh, Ana, what’s wrong? Are you watching your mom and Ray?” I nod sadly. “They’re happy.” “Happier apart.” “You’re having doubts?” Kate asks, alarmed. “No, not at all. It’s just . . . I love him so much.” I freeze, unable or unwilling to articulate my fears. “Ana, it’s obvious he adores you. I know you had an unconventional start to your relationship, but I can see how happy you’ve both been over the past month.” She grasps my hands, squeezing them. “Besides, it’s too late now,” she adds with a grin. I giggle. Trust Kate to point out the obvious. She pulls me into a Katherine Kavanagh Special Hug. “Ana, you’ll be fine. And if he hurts one hair on your head, he’ll have me to answer to.” Releasing me, she grins at whoever is behind me. “Hi, baby.” Christian puts his arms around me, surprising me, and kisses my temple. “Kate,” he acknowledges. He’s still cool toward her even after six weeks. “Hello again, Christian. I’m off to find your best man, who happens to be my best man, too.” With a smile to us both, she heads over to Elliot, who is drinking with her brother Ethan and our friend José. “Time to go,” Christian murmurs. “Already? This is the first party I’ve been to where I don’t mind being the center of attention.” I turn in his arms to face him. “You deserve to be. You look stunning, Anastasia.” “So do you.” He smiles, his expression heating. “This beautiful dress becomes you.” “This old thing?” I blush shyly and pull on the fine lace trim of the simple, fitted wedding dress designed for me by Kate’s mother. I love that the lace is just off the shoulder—demure, yet alluring, I hope. He bends and kisses me. “Let’s go. I don’t want to share you with all these people anymore.” “Can we leave our own wedding?” “Baby, it’s our party, and we can do whatever we want. We’ve cut the cake. And right now, I’d like to whisk you away and have you all to myself.” I giggle. “You have me for a lifetime, Mr. Grey.” “I’m very glad to hear that, Mrs. Grey.” “Oh, there you two are! Such lovebirds.” I groan inwardly . . . Grace’s mother has found us.
“Christian, darling—one more dance with your grandma?” Christian purses his lips. “Of course, Grandmother.” “And you, beautiful Anastasia, go and make an old man happy—dance with Theo.” “Theo, Mrs. Trevelyan?” “Grandpa Trevelyan. And I think you can call me Grandma. Now, you two seriously need to get working on my great-grandkids. I won’t last too much longer.” She gives us both a simpering smile. Christian blinks at her in horror. “Come, Grandmother,” he says, hurriedly taking her hand and leading her to the dance floor. He glances back at me, practically pouting, and rolls his eyes. “Laters, baby.” As I walk toward Grandpa Trevelyan, José accosts me. “I won’t ask you for another dance. I think I monopolized too much of your time on the dance floor as it is . . . I’m happy to see you happy, but I’m serious, Ana. I’ll be here . . . If you need me.” “José, thank you. You’re a good friend.” “I mean it.” His dark eyes shine with sincerity. “I know you do. Thank you, José. Now if you’ll please excuse me—I have a date with an old man.” He furrows his brow in confusion. “Christian’s grandfather,” I clarify. He grins. “Good luck with that, Annie. Good luck with everything.” “Thanks, José.” After my dance with Christian’s ever-charming grandfather, I stand by the French doors, watching the sun sink slowly over Seattle, casting bright orange and aquamarine shadows across the bay. “Let’s go,” Christian urges. “I have to change.” I grasp his hand, meaning to pull him through the French windows and upstairs with me. He frowns, not understanding, and tugs gently on my hand, halting me. “I thought you wanted to be the one to take this dress off,” I explain. His eyes light up. “Correct.” He gives me a lascivious grin. “But I’m not undressing you here. We wouldn’t leave until . . . I don’t know . . .” He waves his long-fingered hand, leaving his sentence unfinished but his meaning quite clear. I flush and let go of his hand. “And don’t take your hair down either,” he murmurs darkly. “But—” “No buts, Anastasia. You look beautiful. And I want to be the one to undress you.” Oh. I frown. “Pack your going-away clothes,” he orders. “You’ll need them. Taylor has your main suitcase.” “Okay.” What has he got planned? He hasn’t told me where we’re going. In fact, I don’t think anyone knows where we’re going. Neither Mia nor Kate has managed to inveigle the information out of him. I turn to where my mother and Kate are hovering nearby. “I’m not changing.” “What?” my mother says. “Christian doesn’t want me to.” I shrug as if this should explain everything. Her brow furrows briefly. “You didn’t promise to obey,” she reminds me tactfully. Kate tries to disguise her snort as a cough. I narrow my eyes at her. Neither she nor my mother have any idea of the fight Christian and I had about that. I don’t want to rehash that argument. Jeez, can my Fifty Shades sulk . . . and have nightmares. The memory is sobering.
“I know, Mom, but he likes this dress, and I want to please him.” Her expression softens. Kate rolls her eyes and tactfully moves away to leave us alone. “You look so lovely, darling.” Carla gently tugs at a loose tendril of my hair and strokes my chin. “I am so proud of you, honey. You’re going to make Christian a very happy man.” She pulls me into a hug. Oh, Mom! “I can’t believe how grown-up you look right now. Beginning a new life . . . Just remember that men are from a different planet, and you’ll be fine.” I giggle. Christian is from a different universe, if only she knew. “Thanks, Mom.” Ray joins us, smiling sweetly at both Mom and me. “You made a beautiful baby girl, Carla,” he says, his eyes glowing with pride. He looks so dapper in his black tux and pale pink waistcoat. Tears prick the back of my eyes. Oh no . . . so far I have managed not to cry. “And you watched her and helped her grow up, Ray,” Carla’s voice is wistful. “And I loved every single minute. You make one hell of a bride, Annie.” Ray tucks the same loose strand of hair behind my ear. “Oh, Dad . . .” I stifle a sob, and he hugs me in his brief, awkward way. “You’ll make one hell of a wife, too,” he whispers, his voice hoarse. When he releases me, Christian is back at my side. Ray shakes his hand warmly. “Look after my girl, Christian.” “I fully intend to, Ray. Carla.” He nods at my stepdad and kisses my mom. The rest of the wedding guests have formed a long human arch for us to travel through, leading round to the front of the house. “Ready?” Christian says. “Yes.” Taking my hand, he leads me under their outstretched arms while our guests shout good luck and congratulations and shower us with rice. Waiting with smiles and hugs at the end of the arch are Grace and Carrick. In turn they hug and kiss us both. Grace is emotional again as we bid them hasty good-byes. Taylor is waiting to whisk us away in the Audi SUV As Christian holds the car door open for me, I . turn and toss my bouquet of white and pink roses into the crowd of young women that has gathered. Mia triumphantly holds it aloft, grinning from ear to ear. As I slide into the SUV laughing at Mia’s audacious catch, Christian bends to gather the hem of my dress. Once I’m safely in, he bids the waiting crowd a farewell. Taylor holds the car door open for him. “Congratulations, sir.” “Thank you, Taylor,” Christian replies as he seats himself beside me. As Taylor pulls away, our wedding guests shower the vehicle with rice. Christian grasps my hand and kisses my knuckles. “So far so good, Mrs. Grey?” “So far so wonderful, Mr. Grey. Where are we going?” “Sea-Tac,” he says simply and smiles a sphinxlike smile. Hmm . . . what is he planning? Taylor does not head for the departure terminal as I expect but through a security gate and directly on to the tarmac. What? And then I see her—Christian’s jet . . . Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. in
large blue lettering across her fuselage. “Don’t tell me you’re misusing company property again!” “Oh, I hope so, Anastasia.” Christian grins. Taylor halts at the foot of the steps leading up to the plane and leaps out of the Audi to open Christian’s door. They have a brief discussion, then Christian opens my door—and rather than stepping back to give me room to climb out, he leans in and lifts me. Whoa! “What are you doing?” I squeak. “Carrying you over the threshold,” he says. “Oh.” Isn’t that supposed to be at home? He carries me effortlessly up the steps, and Taylor follows with my small suitcase. He leaves it on the threshold of the plane before returning to the Audi. Inside the cabin, I recognize Stephan, Christian’s pilot, in his uniform. “Welcome aboard, sir, Mrs. Grey.” He grins. Christian puts me down and shakes Stephan’s hand. Beside Stephan stands a dark-haired woman in her what? Early thirties? She’s also in uniform. “Congratulations to you both,” Stephan continues. “Thank you, Stephan. Anastasia, you know Stephan. He’s our captain today, and this is First Officer Beighley.” She blushes as Christian introduces her and blinks rapidly. I want to roll my eyes. Another female completely captivated by my too-handsome-for-his-own-good husband. “Delighted to meet you,” gushes Beighley. I smile kindly at her. After all—he is mine. “All preparations complete?” Christian asks them both as I glance around the cabin. The interior is all pale maple wood and pale cream leather. It’s lovely. Another young woman in uniform stands at the other end of the cabin—a very pretty brunette. “We have the all clear. Weather is good from here to Boston.” Boston? “Turbulence?” “Not before Boston. There’s a weather front over Shannon that might give us a rough ride.” Shannon? Ireland? “I see. Well, I hope to sleep through it all,” says Christian matter-of-factly. Sleep? “We’ll get underway, sir,” Stephan says. “We’ll leave you in the capable care of Natalia, your flight attendant.” Christian glances in her direction and frowns, but turns to Stephan with a smile. “Excellent,” he says. Taking my hand, he leads me to one of the sumptuous leather seats. There must be about twelve of them in total. “Sit,” he says as he removes his jacket and undoes his fine sliver brocade vest. We sit in two single seats facing each other with a small, highly polished table between us. “Welcome aboard, sir, ma’am, and congratulations.” Natalia is at our side, offering us both a glass of pink champagne. “Thank you,” Christian says, and she smiles politely at us and retreats to the galley. “Here’s to a happy married life, Anastasia.” Christian raises his glass to mine, and we chink. The champagne is delicious. “Bollinger?” I ask. “The same.” “The first time I drank this it was out of teacups.” I grin.
“I remember that day well. Your graduation.” “Where are we going?” I’m unable to contain my curiosity any longer. “Shannon,” Christian says, his eyes alight with excitement. He looks like a small boy. “In Ireland?” We’re going to Ireland! “To refuel,” he adds, teasing. “Then?” I prompt. His grin broadens and he shakes his head. “Christian!” “London,” he says, gazing intently at me, trying to gauge my reaction. I gasp. Holy cow. I thought maybe we’d be going to New York or Aspen or maybe the Caribbean. I can hardly believe it. My lifetime ambition has been to visit England. I’m lit up from within, incandescent with happiness. “Then Paris.” What? “Then the South of France.” Whoa! “I know you’ve always dreamed of going to Europe,” he says softly. “I want to make your dreams come true, Anastasia.” “You are my dreams come true, Christian.” “Back at you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. Oh my . . . “Buckle up.” I grin and do as I’m told. As the plane taxis out on to the runway, we sip our champagne, grinning inanely at each other. I can’t believe it. At twenty-two years old, I’m finally leaving the United States and going to Europe— to London of all places. Once we’re airborne, Natalia serves us yet more champagne and prepares our wedding feast. And what a feast it is—smoked salmon, followed by roast partridge with a green bean salad and dauphinoise potatoes, all cooked and served by the ever-efficient Natalia. “Dessert, Mr. Grey?” she asks. He shakes his head and runs his finger across his bottom lip as he looks questioningly at me, his expression dark and unreadable. “No, thank you,” I murmur, unable to break eye contact with him. His lips curl up in a small, secret smile and Natalia retreats. “Good,” he murmurs. “I’d rather planned on having you for dessert.” Oh . . . here? “Come,” he says, rising from the table and offering me his hand. He leads me to the back of the cabin. “There’s a bathroom here.” He points to a small door then leads me on down a short corridor and through a door at the end. Jeez . . . a bedroom. The cabin is cream and maple wood and the small double bed is covered in gold and taupe cushions. It looks very comfortable. Christian turns and pulls me into his arms, gazing down at me. “I thought we’d spend our wedding night at thirty-five-thousand feet. It’s something I’ve never done before.”
Holy cow . . . another first. I gape at him, my heart pounding . . . the mile high club. I’ve heard about this. “But first I have to get you out of this fabulous dress.” His eyes glow with love and something darker, something I love . . . something that calls to my inner goddess. He takes my breath away. “Turn around.” His voice is low, authoritative, and sexy as hell. How can he infuse so much promise into those two words? Willingly I comply and his hands move to my hair. Gently he pulls out each hairpin one at a time, his expert fingers making short work of the task. My hair falls in swathes over my shoulders, one lock at a time, covering my back and down to my breasts. I try to stand still and not squirm, but I’m aching for his touch. After our long, tiring but exciting day, I want him—all of him. “You have such beautiful hair, Ana.” His mouth is close to my ear and I feel his breath, though his lips don’t touch me. When my hair is free of pins, he runs his fingers through it, gently massaging my scalp . . . oh my . . . I close my eyes and savor the sensation. His fingers travel on down, and he tugs, tilting my head back to expose my throat. “You’re mine,” he breathes and his teeth tug my ear lobe. I groan. “Hush now,” he admonishes. He sweeps my hair over my shoulder and trails a finger across the top of my back from shoulder to shoulder following the lace edge of my dress. I shiver in anticipation. He plants a tender kiss on my back above the first button on my dress. “So beautiful,” he says as he deftly undoes the first button. “You have made me the happiest man alive today.” With infinite slowness, he unfastens each one, all the way down my back. “I love you so much.” Trailing kisses from the nape of my neck to the edge of my shoulder. Between each kiss he murmurs, “I. Want. You. So. Much. I. Want. To. Be. Inside. You. You. Are. Mine.” Each word is intoxicating. I close my eyes and tilt my head, giving him easier access to my neck, and I fall further under the spell that is Christian Grey, my husband. “Mine,” he whispers once more. He peels my dress down my arms so that it pools at my feet in a cloud of ivory silk and lace. “Turn around,” he whispers, his voice suddenly hoarse. I do so and he gasps. I’m dressed in a tight, blush-pink satin corset with garter straps, matching lacy briefs, and white silk stockings. Christian’s eyes travel greedily down my body, but he says nothing. He just gazes at me, his eyes wide with want. “You like?” I whisper aware of the shy blush creeping across my cheeks. “More than like, baby. You look sensational. Here.” He holds out his hand and taking it, I step out of my dress. “Keep still,” he murmurs and without taking his darkening eyes off mine, he runs his middle finger over my breasts, following the line of my corset. My breath shallows, and he repeats the journey over my breasts once more, his tantalizing finger sending tingles down my spine. He stops and twirls his index finger in the air, indicating that he wants me to turn around. For him, right now, I’d do anything. “Stop,” he says. I’m facing the bed, away from him. His arm encircles my waist, pulling me against him, and he nuzzles my neck. Gently he cups my breasts, toying with them, while his thumbs circle over my nipples so that they strain against the fabric of my corset. “Mine,” he whispers. “Yours,” I breathe. Leaving my breasts bereft he runs his hands down my stomach, over my belly, and down to my
thighs, his thumbs skimming my sex. I stifle a moan. His fingers skate down each garter, and with his usual dexterity, he simultaneously unhooks each one from my stockings. His hands travel around to my behind. “Mine,” he breathes as his hands spread across my backside, the tips of his fingers brushing my sex. “Ah.” “Hush.” His hands travel down the backs of my thighs, and once more he unclips my garters. Leaning down, he pulls back the cover on the bed. “Sit down.” I do as I’m told in his thrall, and he kneels at my feet and gently tugs off each of my white bridal Jimmy Choos. He grasps the top of my left stocking and slowly peels it off, running his thumbs down my leg . . . Oh my. He repeats the process with my other stocking. “This is like unwrapping my Christmas presents.” He smiles up at me through his long dark lashes. “A present you’ve had already . . .” He frowns in admonishment. “Oh no, baby. This time it’s really mine.” “Christian, I’ve been yours since I said yes.” I scoot forward, cupping his beloved face in my hands. “I’m yours. I will always be yours, husband of mine. Now, I think you’re wearing too many clothes.” I bend to kiss him, and suddenly he leans up, kisses my lips, and grasps my head with his hands, his fingers threading into my hair. “Ana,” he breathes. “My Ana.” His lips claim mine once more, his tongue invasively persuasive. “Clothes,” I whisper, our breath mingling as I push back his vest and he struggles out of it, releasing me for a moment. He pauses, gazing at me, eyes wide, eyes wanting. “Let me, please.” My voice is soft and cajoling. I want to undress my husband, my Fifty. He sits back on his heels, and leaning forward I grasp his tie—his sliver-gray tie, my favorite tie— and slowly undo it and pull it free. He raises his chin to let me tackle the top button of his white shirt; then once it’s undone, I move on to his cuffs. He’s wearing platinum cufflinks—engraved with an entwined A and C—my wedding present to him. When I’ve removed them, he takes the cufflinks from me and fists them in his hand. Then he kisses his fist and shoves them into his pants pocket. “Mr. Grey, so romantic.” “For you Mrs. Grey—hearts and flowers. Always.” I take his hand, and glancing up through my lashes, I kiss his plain platinum wedding ring. He groans and closes his eyes. “Ana,” he whispers and my name is a prayer. Reaching up to his second shirt button and mirroring him from earlier, I plant a soft kiss on his chest as I undo each of them and whisper between each kiss, “You. Make. Me. So. Happy. I. Love. You.” He groans, and in one swift move, he clasps me around the waist and lifts me on to the bed, following me down on to it. His lips find mine, his hands curling around my head, holding me, stilling me as our tongues glory in each other. Abruptly Christian kneels up, leaving me breathless and wanting more. “You are so beautiful . . . wife.” He runs his hands down my legs then grasps my left foot. “You have such lovely legs. I want to kiss every inch of them. Starting here.” He presses his lips against my big toe and then grazes the pad with his teeth. Everything south of my waistline convulses. His tongue glides up my instep and his teeth skim my heel and up to my ankle. He trails kisses up the inside of my calf; soft wet kisses. I wriggle beneath him. “Still, Mrs. Grey,” he warns, and suddenly he flips me on to my stomach and continues his leisurely
journey with his mouth up the back of my legs, to my thighs, my behind, and then he stops. I groan. “Please . . .” “I want you naked,” he murmurs and slowly unhooks my corset, one hook at a time. When it’s flat on the bed beneath me, he runs his tongue up the length of my spine. “Christian, please.” “What do you want, Mrs. Grey.” His words are soft and close to my ear. He’s almost lying on top of me . . . I can feel him hard against my behind. “You.” “And I you, my love, my life . . . ,” he whispers, and before I know it, he’s flipped me on to my back. He stands swiftly and in one efficient move dispenses with his pants and boxer briefs so that he’s gloriously naked and looming large and ready over me. The small cabin is eclipsed by his dazzling beauty and his want and need of me. He leans down and peels off my panties then gazes down at me. “Mine,” he mouths. “Please,” I beg and he grins . . . a salacious, wicked, tempting, all-Fifty grin. He crawls back onto the bed and trails kisses up my right leg this time . . . until he reaches the apex of my thighs. He pushes my legs wider apart. “Ah . . . wife of mine,” he murmurs and then his mouth is on me. I close my eyes and surrender to his oh-so-adroit tongue. My hands fist in his hair as my hips swing and sway, slave to his rhythm, then buck off the small bed. He grabs my hips to still me . . . but doesn’t stop the delicious torture. I’m close, so close. “Christian.” I moan. “Not yet,” he breathes and he moves up my body, his tongue dipping into my navel. “No!” Damn! I sense his smile against my belly as his journey continues north. “So impatient, Mrs. Grey. We have until we touch down on the Emerald Isle.” Reverentially he kisses my breasts and tugs my left nipple between his lips. Gazing up at me, his eyes are dark like a tropical storm as he teases me. Oh my . . . I’d forgotten. Europe. “Husband, I want you. Please.” He looms up over me, his body covering mine, resting his weight on his elbows. He runs his nose down mine, and I run my hands down his strong, supple back to his fine, fine backside. “Mrs. Grey . . . wife. We aim to please.” His lips brush. “I love you.” “I love you, too.” “Eyes open. I want to see you.” “Christian . . . ah . . . ,” I cry, as he slowly sinks into me. “Ana, oh Ana,” he breathes and he starts to move. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Christian shouts, waking me from my very pleasant dream. He’s standing all wet and beautiful at the end of my sun lounger and glaring down at me. What have I done? Oh no . . . I’m lying on my back . . . Crap, crap, crap and he’s mad. Shit. He’s really mad.
I am suddenly very awake, my erotic dream forgotten. “I was on my front. I must have turned over in my sleep.” I whisper weakly in my defense. His eyes blaze with fury. He reaches down, scoops up my bikini top from his sun lounger and tosses it at me. “Put this on!” he hisses. “Christian, no one is looking.” “Trust me. They’re looking. I’m sure Taylor and the security crew are enjoying the show!” he snarls. Holy shit! Why do I keep forgetting about them? I grasp my breasts in panic, hiding them. Ever since Charlie Tango’s sabotaged demise, we are constantly shadowed by damned security. “Yes,” Christian snarls. “And some sleazy fucking paparazzi could get a shot of you, too. Do you want to be all over the cover of Star magazine? Naked this time?” Shit! The paparazzi! Fuck! As I hurriedly scramble into my top, all thumbs, the color drains from my face. I shudder. The unpleasant memory of being besieged by the paparazzi outside SIP after our engagement was leaked comes unwelcome to mind—all part of the Christian Grey package. “L’addition!” Christian snaps at the passing waitress. “We’re going,” he says to me. “Now?” “Yes. Now.” Oh shit, he’s not to be argued with. He pulls on his shorts, even though his trunks are dripping wet, then his gray T-shirt. The waitress is back in a moment with his credit card and the check. Reluctantly, I wriggle into my turquoise sundress and step into my flip-flops. Once the waitress has left, Christian snatches up his book and BlackBerry and masks his fury behind mirrored aviator glasses. He’s bristling with tension and anger. My heart sinks. Every other woman on the beach is topless—it’s not that big of a crime. In fact I look odd with my top on. I sigh inwardly, my spirits sinking. I thought Christian would see the funny side . . . sort of . . . maybe if I’d stayed on my front, but his sense of humor has evaporated. “Please don’t be mad at me,” I whisper, taking his book and BlackBerry from him and placing them in my backpack. “Too late for that,” he says quietly—too quietly. “Come.” Taking my hand, he signals up to Taylor
and his two sidekicks, the French security officers Philippe and Gaston. Weirdly, they are identical twins. They have been patiently watching us and everyone else on the beach from the verandah. Why do I keep forgetting about them? How? Taylor is stony-faced behind his dark glasses. Shit, he’s mad at me, too. I’m still not used to seeing him so casually dressed in shorts and a black polo shirt. Christian leads me into the hotel, through the lobby, and out onto the street. He remains silent, brooding and bad-tempered, and it’s all my fault. Taylor and his team shadow us. “Where are we going?” I ask tentatively, gazing up at him. “Back to the boat.” He doesn’t look at me. I have no idea of the time. I think it must be about five or six in the afternoon. When we reach the marina, Christian leads me onto the dock where the motorboat and Jet Ski belonging to the Fair Lady are moored. As Christian unties the Jet Ski, I hand my backpack to Taylor. I glance nervously up at him, but like Christian, his expression gives nothing away. I flush, thinking about what he’s seen on the beach. “Here you go, Mrs. Grey.” Taylor passes me a life vest from the motorboat, and I dutifully put it on. Why am I the only one who has to wear a life jacket? Christian and Taylor exchange some kind of look. Jeez, is he angry with Taylor, too? Christian then checks the straps on my life jacket, cinching the middle one tightly. “You’ll do,” he mutters sullenly, still not turning to look at me. Shit. He climbs gracefully on to the Jet Ski and holds out his hand for me to join him. Grasping it tightly, I manage to throw my leg over the seat behind him without falling into the water while Taylor and the twins clamber into the motorboat. Christian kicks the Jet Ski away from the dock, and it floats gently into the marina. “Hold on,” he orders, and I put my arms around him. This is my favorite part of traveling by Jet Ski. I hug him closely, my nose nuzzling into his back, marveling that there was a time when he would not have tolerated me touching him this way. He smells good . . . of Christian and the sea. Forgive me, Christian, please? He stiffens. “Steady,” he says, his tone softer. I kiss his back and rest my cheek against him, looking back toward the dock where a few holidaymakers have gathered to watch the show. Christian turns the key and the motor roars to life. With one twist of the accelerator, the Jet Ski bucks forward and speeds across the cool dark water, through the marina and out to the center of the harbor toward the Fair Lady. I hold him tighter. I love this—it’s so exciting. Every muscle in Christian’s lean frame is evident as I cling to him. Taylor pulls alongside in the motorboat. Christian glances at him then accelerates again, and we shoot forward, whipping over the top of the water like an expertly tossed pebble. Taylor shakes his head in resigned exasperation and heads straight to the yacht, while Christian shoots past the Fair Lady and heads out toward the open water. The sea spray is splashing us, the warm wind buffeting my face and flaying my ponytail crazily around me. This is so much fun. Maybe the thrill of this ride will dispel Christian’s bad mood. I can’t see his face, but I know he’s enjoying himself—carefree, acting his age for a change. He steers in a huge semicircle and I study the shoreline—the boats in the marina, the mosaic of yellow, white and sand-colored offices and apartments, and the craggy mountains behind. It looks so disorganized—not the regimented blocks that I am used to—but so picturesque. Christian glances over his shoulder at me, and there’s the ghost of a smile playing on his lips. “Again?” he shouts over the noise of the engine. I nod enthusiastically. His answering grin is dazzling, and he opens the throttle and speeds around
the Fair Lady and on out to sea once more . . . and I think I’m forgiven. “You’ve caught the sun,” Christian says mildly as he undoes my life vest. I anxiously try to assess his mood. We are on deck aboard the yacht, and one of the stewards is standing quietly nearby, waiting for my life vest. Christian passes it to him. “Will that be all, sir?” the young man asks. I love his French accent. Christian glances at me, takes off his shades, and slips them into the collar of his T-shirt, letting them hang. “Would you like a drink?” he asks me. “Do I need one?” He cocks his head to one side. “Why would you say that?” His voice is soft. “You know why.” He frowns as if weighing something in his mind. Oh, what is he thinking? “Two gin and tonics, please. And some nuts and olives,” he says to the steward, who nods and quickly vanishes. “You think I’m going to punish you?” Christian’s voice is silky. “Do you want to?” “Yes.” “How?” “I’ll think of something. Maybe when you’ve had your drink.” And it’s a sensual threat. I swallow, and my inner goddess squints from her sun lounger where she’s trying to catch rays with a silver reflector fanned out at her neck. Christian’s frowns once more. “You want to be?” How does he know? “Depends,” I mutter, flushing. “On what?” He hides his smile. “If you want to hurt me or not.” His mouth presses into a hard line, humor forgotten. He leans forward and kisses my forehead. “Anastasia, you’re my wife, not my sub. I don’t ever want to hurt you. You should know that by now. Just . . . just don’t take your clothes off in public. I don’t want you naked all over the tabloids. You don’t want that, and I’m sure your mom and Ray don’t want that either.” Oh! Ray. Holy shit, he’d have a coronary. What was I thinking? I mentally castigate myself. The steward appears with our drinks and snacks and places them on the teak table. “Sit,” Christian commands. I do as he says and settle into a director’s chair. Christian takes a seat beside me and passes me a gin and tonic. “Cheers, Mrs. Grey.” “Cheers, Mr. Grey.” I take a welcome sip. It’s thirst-quenching, cold, and delicious. When I gaze at him, he’s watching me carefully, his mood unreadable. It’s very frustrating . . . I don’t know if he’s still mad at me. I deploy my patented distraction technique. “Who owns this boat?” I ask. “A British knight. Sir Somebody-or-Other. His great-grandfather started a grocery store. His daughter’s married to one of the Crown Princes of Europe.” Oh. “Super-rich?” Christian looks suddenly wary. “Yes.” “Like you,” I murmur.
“Yes.” Oh. “And like you,” Christian whispers and pops an olive into his mouth. I blink rapidly . . . a vision of him in his tux and silver waistcoat comes to mind . . . his eyes burning with sincerity as he gazes down at me during our wedding ceremony. “All that is mine is now yours,” he says, his voice ringing out clearly reciting his vows from memory. All mine? Holy cow. “It’s odd. Going from nothing to”—I wave my hand to indicate our opulent surroundings—“to everything.” “You’ll get used to it.” “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it.” Taylor appears on deck. “Sir, you have a call.” Christian frowns but takes the proffered BlackBerry. “Grey,” he snaps and rises from his seat to stand at the bow of the yacht. I gaze out at the sea, tuning out his conversation with Ros—I think—his number two. I am rich . . . stinking rich. I have done nothing to earn this money . . . just married a rich man. I shudder as my mind drifts back to our conversation about prenups. It was the Sunday after his birthday, and we were seated at the kitchen table enjoying a leisurely breakfast . . . all of us. Elliot, Kate, Grace, and I were debating the merits of bacon versus sausage, while Carrick and Christian read the Sunday paper . . . “Look at this,” squeals Mia as she sets her netbook on the kitchen table in front of us. “There’s a gossipy item on the Seattle Nooz website about you being engaged, Christian.” “Already?” Grace says in surprise. Then her mouth purses as some obviously unpleasant thought crosses her mind. Christian frowns. Mia reads the column out loud. “Word has reached us here at The Nooz that Seattle’s most eligible bachelor, the Christian Grey, has finally been snapped up and wedding bells are in the air. But who is the lucky, lucky lady? The Nooz is on the hunt. Bet she’s reading one helluva prenup.” Mia giggles then stops abruptly as Christian glares at her. Silence descends, and the atmosphere in the Grey kitchen plunges to below zero. Oh no! A prenup? The thought has never crossed my mind. I swallow, feeling all the blood drain from my face. Please ground, swallow me up now! Christian shifts uncomfortably in his chair as I glance apprehensively at him. “No,” he mouths at me. “Christian,” Carrick says gently. “I’m not discussing this again,” he snaps at Carrick who glances at me nervously and opens his mouth to say something. “No prenup!” Christian almost shouts at him and broodingly goes back to reading his paper, ignoring everyone else at the table. They look alternately at me then him . . . then anywhere but at the two of us. “Christian,” I murmur. “I’ll sign anything you and Mr. Grey want.” Jeez, it wouldn’t be the first time he’s made me sign something. Christian looks up and glares at me. “No!” he snaps. I blanch once more.
“It’s to protect you.” “Christian, Ana—I think you should discuss this in private,” Grace admonishes us. She glares at Carrick and Mia. Oh dear, looks like they’re in trouble, too. “Ana, this is not about you,” Carrick murmurs reassuringly. “And please call me Carrick.” Christian narrows cold eyes at his father and my heart sinks. Hell . . . He’s really mad. Everyone erupts into animated conversation, and Mia and Kate leap up to clear the table. “I definitely prefer sausage,” exclaims Elliot. I stare down at my knotted fingers. Crap. I hope Mr. and Mrs. Grey don’t think I’m some kind of gold digger. Christian reaches over and grasps both my hands gently in one of his. “Stop it.” How does he know what I’m thinking? “Ignore my dad,” Christian says so only I can hear him. “He’s really pissed about Elena. That stuff was all aimed at me. I wish my mom had kept her mouth shut.” I know Christian is still smarting from his “talk” with Carrick about Elena last night. “He has a point, Christian. You’re very wealthy, and I’m bringing nothing to our marriage but my student loans.” Christian gazes at me, his eyes bleak. “Anastasia, if you leave me, you might as well take everything. You left me once before. I know how that feels.” Holy Fuck! “That was different,” I whisper, moved by his intensity. “But . . . you might want to leave me.” The thought makes me sick. He snorts and shakes his head with mock disgust. “Christian, you know I might do something exceptionally stupid—and you . . .” I glance down at my knotted hands, pain lancing through me, and I’m unable to finish my sentence. Losing Christian . . . fuck. “Stop. Stop now. This subject is closed, Ana. We’re not discussing it any more. No prenup. Not now—not ever.” He gives me a pointed give-it-up-now look, which silences me. Then he turns to Grace. “Mom,” he says. “Can we have the wedding here?” And he’s not mentioned it again. In fact at every opportunity he’s tried to reassure me about his wealth . . . that’s it mine, too. I shudder as I recall the crazy shopping fest Christian demanded I go on with Caroline Acton—the personal shopper from Niemans—in preparation for this honeymoon. My bikini alone cost five hundred and forty dollars. I mean, it’s nice, but really—that’s a ridiculous amount of money for four triangular scraps of material. “You will get used to it,” Christian interrupts my reverie as he resumes his place at the table. “Used to it?” “The money,” he says, rolling his eyes. Oh, Fifty, maybe with time. I push the small dish of salted almonds and cashews toward him. “Your nuts, sir,” I say with as straight a face as I can manage, trying to bring some humor to our conversation after my dark thoughts and my bikini top faux pas. He smirks. “I’m nuts about you.” He takes an almond, his eyes sparkling with wicked humor as he enjoys my little joke. He licks his lips. “Drink up. We’re going to bed.” What?
“Drink,” he mouths at me, his eyes darkening. Oh my, the look he gives me could be solely responsible for global warming. I pick up my gin and drain the glass, not taking my eyes off him. His mouth drops open, and I glimpse the tip of his tongue between his teeth. He smiles lewdly at me. In one fluid move, he stands and bends over me, resting his hands on the arms of my chair. “I’m going to make an example of you. Come. Don’t pee,” he whispers in my ear. I gasp. Don’t pee? How rude. My subconscious looks up from her book—The Complete works of Charles Dickens, Vol. 1—with alarm. “It’s not what you think.” Christian smirks, holding his hand out to me. “Trust me.” He looks so sexy and genial. How can I resist? “Okay.” I place my hand in his, because quite simply, I’d trust him with my life. What has he got planned? My heart starts pounding in anticipation. He leads me across the deck and through the doors into the plush, beautifully appointed main salon, along a narrow corridor, through the dining room, and down the stairs to the main master cabin. The cabin has been cleaned since this morning and the bed made. It’s a lovely room. With two portholes on both the starboard and port sides, it’s elegantly decorated in dark walnut furniture with cream walls and soft furnishings in gold and red. Christian releases my hand, pulls his T-shirt over his head, and tosses it onto a chair. He steps out of his flip-flops and removes his shorts and trunks in one graceful move. Oh my. Will I ever tire of looking at him naked? He is utterly gorgeous and all mine. His skin glows—he’s caught the sun, too, and his hair is longer, flopping over his forehead. I am one lucky, lucky girl. He grasps my chin, pulling slightly so that I stop biting my lip and runs his thumb along my lower lip. “That’s better.” He turns and strides over to the impressive armoire that houses his clothes. He produces two pairs of metal handcuffs and an airline eye mask from the bottom drawer. Handcuffs! We’ve never used handcuffs. I glance quickly and nervously at the bed. Where the hell is he going to attach those? He turns and gazes steadily at me, his eyes dark and luminous. “These can be quite painful. They can bite into the skin if you pull too hard.” He holds up one pair. “But I really want to use them on you now.” Holy fuck. My mouth goes dry. “Here.” He stalks gracefully forward and hands me a set. “Do you want to try them first?” They feel solid, the metal cold. Vaguely, I hope I never have to wear a pair of these for real. Christian is watching me intently. “Where are the keys?” My voice wavering. He holds out his palm, revealing a small metallic key. “This does both sets. In fact, all sets.” How many sets does he have? I don’t remember seeing any in the museum chest. He strokes my cheek with his index finger, trailing it down to my mouth. He leans in as if to kiss me. “Do you want to play?” he says, his voice low, and everything in my body heads south as desire unfurls deep in my belly. “Yes,” I breathe. He smiles. “Good.” He plants a featherlight kiss on my forehead. “We’re going to need a safe word.” What? “Stop won’t be enough because you will probably say that, but you won’t mean it.” He runs his
nose down mine—the only contact between us. My heart starts pounding. Shit . . . How can he do this with just words? “This is not going to hurt. It will be intense. Very intense, because I am not going to let you move. Okay?” Oh my. This sounds so hot. My breathing is too loud. Fuck, I am panting already. My inner goddess has her sequins on and is warming up to dance the rumba. Thank heavens I’m married to this man, otherwise this would be embarrassing. My eyes flick down to his arousal. “Okay.” My voice is barely audible. “Choose a word, Ana.” Oh . . . “A safe word,” he says softly. “Popsicle.” I say, panting. “Popsicle?” he says, amused. “Yes.” He grins as he leans back to gaze down at me. “Interesting choice. Lift up your arms.” I do, and Christian grasps the hem of my sundress, lifts it over my head, and tosses it on the floor. He holds out his hand, and I give him back the handcuffs. He places both sets on the bedside table along with the blindfold and yanks the quilt off the bed, letting it fall to the floor. “Turn round.” I turn, and he undoes my bikini top so that it falls to the floor. “Tomorrow, I will staple this to you,” he mutters and tugs on my hair tie, freeing my hair. He gathers it into one hand and yanks gently so I step back against him. Against his chest. Against his erection. I gasp as he pulls my head to one side and kisses my neck. “You were very disobedient,” he murmurs in my ear, sending delicious shivers through me. “Yes,” I whisper. “Hmm. What are we going to do about that?” “Learn to live with it,” I breathe. His soft languid kisses are driving me wild. He grins against my neck. “Ah, Mrs. Grey. You are ever the optimist.” He straightens. Taking my hair, he carefully parts it into three strands, braids it slowly, and then fastens my hair tie to the end. He tugs my braid gently and leans down to my ear. “I am going to teach you a lesson,” he murmurs. Moving suddenly, he grabs me by the waist, sits down on the bed, and yanks me across his knee so that I feel his erection pressed against my belly. He smacks my backside once, hard. I yelp, then I’m on my back on the bed, and he’s gazing down at me, his eyes molten gray. I’m going to combust. “Do you know how beautiful you are?” He trails his fingertips up my thigh so that I tingle . . . everywhere. Without taking his eyes off me, he gets up from the bed and gathers both sets of handcuffs. He grasps my left leg and snaps one cuff around my ankle. Oh! Lifting my right leg, he repeats the process so I have a pair of handcuffs attached to each ankle. I still have no idea where he’s going to attach them. “Sit up,” he orders and I comply immediately. “Now hug your knees.” I blink at him then draw my legs up so they are bent in front of me and wrap my arms around them. He reaches down, lifts my chin, and plants a soft wet kiss on my lips before slipping the blindfold
over my eyes. I can see nothing, all I can hear is my rapid breathing and the sound of the water lapping against the sides of the yacht as she bobs gently on the sea. Oh my. I am so aroused . . . already. “What’s the safe word, Anastasia?” “Popsicle.” “Good.” Taking my left hand, he snaps a cuff around my wrist then repeats the process with my right. My left hand is tied to my left ankle, my right hand to the right leg. I cannot straighten my legs. Holy fuck. “Now,” Christian breathes, “I’m going to fuck you till you scream.” What? And all the air leaves my body. He grasps both of my heels and tips me back so that I fall backward on to the bed. I have no choice but to keep my legs bent. The cuffs tighten as I pull against them. He’s right . . . they cut into me almost to the point of pain . . . This feels weird—being trussed up and helpless—on a boat. He pulls my ankles apart, and I groan. He kisses my inner thigh, and I want to squirm beneath him, but I can’t. I have no purchase to move my hips. My feet are suspended. I cannot move. Holy shit. “You’re going to have to absorb all the pleasure, Anastasia. No moving,” he murmurs as he crawls up my body, kissing me along the edge of my bikini bottoms. He pulls the strings on each side, and the scraps of material fall away. I am now naked and at his mercy. He kisses my belly, nipping my navel with his teeth. “Ah,” I sigh. This is going to be tough . . . I had no idea. He traces soft kisses and little bites up to my breasts. “Shhh . . . ,” he soothes. “You are so beautiful, Ana.” I groan, frustrated. Normally I’d be grinding my hips, responding to his touch with a rhythm of my own, but I cannot move. I moan, pulling on my restraints. The metal bites into my skin. “Argh!” I cry. But I really don’t care. “You drive me crazy,” he whispers. “So I am going to drive you crazy.” He’s resting on me now, his weight on his elbows, and he turns his attention to my breasts. Biting, sucking, rolling my nipples between his fingers and thumbs, driving me wild. He doesn’t stop. It’s maddening. Oh. Please. His erection pushes against me. “Christian,” I beg and feel his triumphant smile against my skin. “Shall I make you come this way?” He murmurs against my nipple, causing it to harden some more. “You know I can.” He suckles me hard and I cry out, pleasure lancing from my chest directly to my groin. I pull helplessly on the cuffs, swamped by the sensation. “Yes,” I whimper. “Oh, baby, that would be too easy.” “Oh . . . please.” “Shh.” His teeth scrape my chin as he trails his lips to my mouth, and I gasp. He kisses me. His skilled tongue invades my mouth, tasting, exploring, dominating, but my tongue meets his challenge, writhing against his. He tastes of cool gin and Christian Grey, and he smells of the sea. He grasps my chin, holding my head in place. “Still, baby. I want you still,” he whispers against my mouth. “I want to see you.” “Oh no, Ana. You’ll feel more this way.” And agonizingly slowly he flexes his hips and pushes partway into me. I would normally tilt my pelvis up to meet him but I can’t move. He withdraws.
“Ah! Christian, please!” “Again?” he teases, his voice hoarse. “Christian!” He pushes fractionally into me again then withdraws while kissing me, his fingers tugging at my nipple. It’s pleasure overload. “No!” “Do you want me, Anastasia?” “Yes,” I beg. “Tell me,” he murmurs, his breathing harsh, and he teases me once more—in . . . and out. “I want you,” I whimper. “Please.” I hear his soft sigh against my ear. “And have me you will, Anastasia.” He rears up and slams into me. I scream, tilting my head back, pulling on the restraints as he hits my sweet spot, and I am all sensation, everywhere—a sweet, sweet agony, and I cannot move. He stills then circles his hips, and the motion radiates deep inside me. “Why do you defy me, Ana?” “Christian, stop . . .” He circles deep inside me again, ignoring my plea, easing out slowly and then slamming into me again. “Tell me. Why?” he hisses, and I’m vaguely aware that it’s through gritted teeth. I cry out in an incoherent wail . . . this is too much. “Tell me.” “Christian . . .” “Ana, I need to know.” He slams into me again, thrusting so deep, and I’m building . . . the feeling is so intense—it swamps me, spiraling out from deep within my belly, to each limb, to each biting metal restraint. “I don’t know!” I cry out. “Because I can! Because I love you! Please, Christian.” He groans loudly and thrusts deep, again and again, over and over, and I am lost, trying to absorb the pleasure. It’s mind-blowing . . . body blowing . . . I long to straighten my legs, to control my imminent orgasm, but I can’t . . . I’m helpless. I’m his, just his, to do with as he wills . . . Tears spring to my eyes. This is too intense. I can’t stop him. I don’t want to stop him . . . I want . . . I want . . . oh no, oh no . . . this is too . . . “That’s it,” Christian growls. “Feel it, baby!” I detonate around him, again and again, round and round, screaming loudly as my orgasm rips me apart, scorching through me like a wildfire, consuming everything. I am wrung ragged, tears streaming down my face—my body left pulsing and shaking. And I’m aware that Christian kneels, still inside me, pulling me upright onto his lap. He clutches my head with one hand and my back with another, and he comes violently inside me while my insides continue to tremble with aftershocks. It’s draining, it’s exhausting, it’s hell . . . it’s heaven. It’s hedonism gone wild. Christian tears off the blindfold and kisses me. He kisses my eyes, my nose, my cheeks. He kisses away the tears, clutching my face in between his hands. “I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he breathes. “Even though you make me so mad—I feel so alive with you.” I don’t have the energy to open either my eyes or my mouth to respond. Very gently, he lays me back on the bed and eases out of me.
I mouth some wordless protest. He climbs off the bed and undoes the handcuffs. When I’m free, he gently rubs my wrists and ankles, then lies down beside me again, pulling me into his arms. I stretch out my legs. Oh my, that feels good. I feel good. That was, without doubt, the most intense climax I have ever endured. Hmm . . . a Christian Grey Fifty Shades punishment fuck. I really must misbehave more often. A pressing need from my bladder wakes me. When I open my eyes, I’m disorientated. It’s dark outside. Where am I? London? Paris? Oh—the boat. I feel her pitch and roll, and hear the quiet hum of the engines. We’re on the move. How odd. Christian is beside me, working on his laptop, casually dressed in a white linen shirt and chino trousers, his feet bare. His hair is still wet, and I can smell his body wash fresh from the shower and his Christian smell . . . Hmm. “Hi,” he murmurs, gazing down at me, his eyes warm. “Hi.” I smile, feeling suddenly shy. “How long have I been asleep?” “Just an hour or so.” “We’re moving?” “I figured since we ate out last night and went to the ballet and the Casino that we’d dine on board tonight. A quiet night à deux.” I grin at him. “Where are we going?” “Cannes.” “Okay.” I stretch, feeling stiff. No amount of training with Claude could have prepared me for this afternoon. I rise gingerly, needing the bathroom. Grabbing my silk robe, I hastily put it on. Why am I so shy? I feel Christian’s eyes on me. When I glance at him, he returns to his laptop, his brow furrowed. As I absentmindedly wash my hands at the vanity unit, recalling last night at the Casino, my robe falls open. I stare at myself in the mirror, shocked. Holy fuck! What has he done to me?
I gaze in horror at the red marks all over my breasts. Hickeys! I have hickeys! I am married to one of the most respected businessmen in the United States, and he’s given me goddamn hickeys. How did I not feel him doing this to me? I flush. The fact is I know exactly why—Mr. Orgasmic was using his fine-motor sexing skills on me. My subconscious peers over her half-moon specs and tuts disapprovingly, while my inner goddess slumbers on her chaise longue, out for the count. I gape at my reflection. My wrists have a red welt around them from the handcuffs. No doubt they’ll bruise. I examine my ankles—more welts. Holy hell, I look like I’ve been in some sort of accident. I gaze at myself, trying to absorb how I look. My body is so different these days. It’s changed subtly since I’ve known him . . . I’ve become leaner and fitter, and my hair is glossy and well cut. My nails are manicured, my feet pedicured, my eyebrows threaded and beautifully shaped. For the first time in my life, I’m well groomed—except for these hideous love bites. I don’t want to think about grooming at the moment. I’m too mad. How dare he mark me like this, like some teenager. In the short time we’ve been together, he’s never given me hickeys. I look like hell. I know why he’s done this. Damn control freak. Right! My subconscious folds her arms beneath her small bosom—he’s gone too far this time. I stalk out of the en suite bathroom and into the walk-in closet, carefully avoiding even a glance in his direction. Slipping out of my robe, I pull on my sweatpants and a camisole. I undo the braid, pick up a hairbrush from the small vanity unit, and brush out my tangles. “Anastasia,” Christian calls and I hear his anxiety. “Are you okay?” I ignore him. Am I okay? No, I am not okay. After what he’s done to me, I doubt I’ll be able to wear a swimsuit, let alone one of my ridiculously expensive bikinis, for the rest of our honeymoon. The thought is suddenly so infuriating. How dare he? I’ll give him are you okay. I seethe as fury spikes through me. I can behave like an adolescent, too! Stepping back into the bedroom, I hurl the hairbrush at him, turn, and leave—though not before I see his shocked expression and his lightning reaction as he raises his arm to protect his head so that the brush bounces ineffectively off his forearm and onto the bed. I storm out of our cabin, bolt upstairs and out on deck, fleeing toward the bow. I need some space to calm down. It’s dark and the air is balmy. The warm breeze carries the smell of the Mediterranean and the scent of jasmine and bougainvillea from the shore. The Fair Lady glides effortlessly through
the calm cobalt sea as I rest my elbows on the wooden railing, gazing at the distant shore where tiny lights wink and twinkle. I take a deep, healing breath and slowly begin to calm. I’m aware of him behind me before I hear him. “You’re mad at me,” he whispers. “No shit, Sherlock!” “How mad?” “Scale of one to ten, I think I’m at fifty. Apt, huh?” “That mad.” He sounds surprised and impressed at once. “Yes. Pushed to violence mad,” I say through gritted teeth. He stays silent as I turn and scowl at him, watching me with wide and wary eyes. I know from his expression and because he’s made no move to touch me that he’s out of his depth. “Christian, you have to stop unilaterally trying to bring me to heel. You made your point on the beach. Very effectively, as I recall.” He shrugs minutely. “Well, you won’t take your top off again,” he murmurs petulantly. And this justifies what he’s done to me? I glare at him. “I don’t like you leaving marks on me. Well, not this many, anyway. It’s a hard limit!” I hiss at him. “I don’t like you taking your clothes off in public. That’s a hard limit for me,” he growls. “I think we’ve established that,” I hiss through my teeth. “Look at me!” I pull down my camisole to reveal the top of my breasts. Christian gazes at me, his eyes not leaving my face his expression wary and uncertain. He’s not used to seeing me this mad. Can’t he see what he’s done? Can’t he see how ridiculous he is? I want to shout at him, but I refrain—I don’t want to push him too far. Heaven knows what he’d do. Eventually, he sighs and holds his palms up in a resigned, conciliatory gesture. “Okay,” he says his voice placating. “I get it.” Hallelujah! “Good!” He runs his hand through his hair. “I’m sorry. Please don’t be mad at me.” Finally, he looks contrite —using my own words back at me. “You are such an adolescent sometimes,” I scold him, mulishly, but the fight has gone out of my voice, and he knows it. He steps closer and tentatively raises his hand to tuck my hair behind my ear. “I know,” he acknowledges softly. “I have a lot to learn.” Dr. Flynn’s words come back to me . . . Emotionally, Christian is an adolescent, Ana. He bypassed that phase in his life totally. He’s channeled all his energies into succeeding in the business world, and he has beyond all expectations. His emotional world has to play catch-up. My heart thaws a little. “We both do.” I sigh and cautiously raise my hand, placing it over his heart. He doesn’t flinch like he used to, but he stiffens. He rests his hand over mine and smiles his shy smile. “I’ve just learned that you’ve a good arm and a good aim, Mrs. Grey. I would never have figured that, but then I constantly underestimate you. You always surprise me.” I arch my eyebrow at him. “Target practice with Ray. I can throw and shoot straight, Mr. Grey, and you’d do well to remember that.” “I will endeavor to do that, Mrs. Grey, or ensure that all potential projectile objects are nailed down and that you don’t have access to a gun.” He smirks. I smirk back, narrowing my eyes. “I’m resourceful.” “That you are,” he whispers and releases my hand to circle his arms around me. Pulling me into an embrace, he buries his nose in my hair. I wrap my arms around him, holding him close, and feel the
tension leave his body as he nuzzles me. “Am I forgiven?” “Am I?” I feel his smile. “Yes,” he answers. “Ditto.” We stand holding each other, my pique forgotten. He does smell good, adolescent or not. How can I resist him? “Hungry?” he says after a while. I have my eyes closed and my head against his chest. “Yes. Famished. All the . . . er . . . activity has given me an appetite. But I’m not dressed for dinner.” I’m sure my sweatpants and camisole would be frowned upon in the dining room. “You look good to me, Anastasia. Besides, it’s our boat for the week. We can dress how we like. Think of it as dress down Tuesday on the Cote D’Azur. Anyway, I thought we’d eat on deck.” “Yes, I’d like that.” He kisses me—an earnest forgive-me kiss—then we wander hand in hand toward the bow where our gazpacho soup awaits. The steward serves our crème brulée and discreetly retires. “Why do you always braid my hair?” I ask Christian out of curiosity. We’re sitting adjacent to each other at the table, my lower leg curled around his. He pauses as he’s about to pick up his dessertspoon and frowns. “I don’t want your hair catching in anything,” he says quietly and for a moment, he’s lost in thought. “Habit, I think,” he muses. Suddenly he frowns and his eyes widen, his pupils dilating with alarm. Holy shit! What’s he remembered? It’s something painful, some early childhood memory, I guess. I don’t want to remind him of that. Leaning over, I put my index finger over his lips. “No, it doesn’t matter. I don’t need to know. I was just curious.” I give him a warm, reassuring smile. His look is wary, but after a moment he visibly relaxes, his relief evident. I lean over to kiss the corner of his mouth. “I love you,” I murmur, and he smiles his heart-achingly shy smile, and I melt. “I will always love you, Christian.” “And I you,” he says softly. “In spite of my disobedience?” I raise my eyebrow. “Because of your disobedience, Anastasia.” He grins. I crack my spoon through the burnt sugar crust of my dessert and shake my head. Will I ever understand this man? Hmm—this crème brulée is delicious. Once the steward has cleared our dessert plates, Christian reaches for the bottle of rosé and refills my glass. I check that we’re alone and ask, “What’s with the no going to the bathroom thing?” “You really want to know?” He half smiles, his eyes alight with a salacious gleam. “Do I?” I gaze at him through my lashes as I take a sip of my wine. “The fuller your bladder, the more intense your orgasm, Ana.” I blush. “Oh. I see.” Holy cow, that explains a lot. He grins, looking far too knowing. Will I always be on the back foot with Mr. Sexpertise? “Yes. Well . . .” I desperately hunt around for a change of subject. He takes pity on me. “What do you want to do for the rest of the evening?” He cocks his head to one side and gives me his lopsided grin.
Whatever you want, Christian. Put your theory to the test again? I shrug. “I know what I want to do,” he murmurs. Grabbing his glass of wine, he rises and holds his hand out to me. “Come.” I take his hand and he leads me into the main salon. His iPod is in the speaker dock on the dresser. He switches it on and selects a song. “Dance with me.” He pulls me into his arms. “If you insist.” “I insist, Mrs. Grey.” A slinky, cheesy melody starts. Is this a Latin rhythm? Christian grins down at me and starts to move, sweeping me off my feet and taking me with him round the salon. A man with a voice like warm melted caramel croons. It’s a song I know but can’t place. Christian dips me low, and I yelp in surprise and giggle. He smiles, his eyes filled with humor. Then he scoops me up and spins me under his arm. “You dance so well,” I say. “It’s like I can dance.” He gives me a sphinxlike smile but says nothing, and I wonder if it’s because he’s thinking of her . . . Mrs. Robinson, the woman who taught him how to dance—and how to fuck. She hasn’t crossed my mind for a while. Christian has not mentioned her since his birthday, and as far as I’m aware, their business relationship is over. Reluctantly though, I have to admit—she was some teacher. He dips me low again and plants a swift kiss on my lips. “I’d miss your love,” I murmur, echoing the lyrics. “I’d more than miss your love,” he says and spins me once more. Then he sings the words softly in my ear making me swoon. The track ends and Christian gazes down at me, his eyes dark and luminous, all humor gone, and I’m suddenly breathless. “Come to bed with me?” he whispers and it’s a heartfelt plea that tugs at my heart. Christian, you had me at I do—two and half weeks ago. But I know this is his way of apologizing and making sure all is well between us after our spat. When I wake, the sun is shining through the portholes and the water reflects shimmering patterns onto the cabin ceiling. Christian is nowhere to be seen. I stretch out and smile. Hmm . . . I’ll take a punishment fuck followed by makeup sex any day. I marvel what it is to go to bed with two different men—angry Christian and sweet let-me-make-it-up-to-you-in-any-way-I-can Christian. It’s tricky to decide which of them I like the best. I rise and head for the bathroom. Opening the door, I find Christian inside shaving, naked except for a towel wrapped around his waist. He turns and beams, not fazed that I am interrupting him. I have discovered that Christian will never lock the door if he is the only person in the room—the reason why is sobering, and not one I want to dwell on. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he says, radiating his good mood. “Good morning yourself.” I grin back as I watch him shave. I love watching him shave. He pulls up his chin and shaves beneath it, taking long deliberate strokes, and I find myself unconsciously mirroring his actions. Pulling my upper lip down just as he does, to shave his philtrum. He turns and smirks at me, one half of his face still covered in shaving soap. “Enjoying the show?” he asks. Oh, Christian, I could watch you for hours. “One of my all-time favorites,” I murmur, and he leans down and kisses me quickly, smearing shaving soap on my face.
“Shall I do this to you again?” he whispers wickedly and holds up the razor. I purse my lips at him. “No,” I mutter, pretending to sulk. “I’ll wax next time.” I remember Christian’s joy in London when he’d discovered that during his one meeting there, I’d shaved off my pubic hair out of curiosity. Of course I hadn’t done it to Mr. Exacting’s high standards . . . “What the hell have you done?” Christian exclaims. He cannot keep his horrified amusement to himself. He sits up in bed in our suite at Browns Hotel near Piccadilly, switches on the bedside light and gazes down at me, his mouth a startled O. It must be midnight. I blush the color of the sheets in the playroom and try to pull down my satin nightdress so he can’t see. He grabs my hand to stop me. “Ana!” “I—err . . . shaved.” “I can see that. Why?” He’s grinning from ear to ear. I cover my face with my hands. Why am I so embarrassed? “Hey,” he says softly and pulls my hand away. “Don’t hide.” He’s biting his lip so that he won’t laugh. “Tell me. Why?” His eyes dance with merriment. Why does he find this so funny? “Stop laughing at me.” “I’m not laughing at you. I’m sorry. I’m . . . delighted,” he says. “Oh . . .” “Tell me. Why?” I take a deep breath. “This morning, after you left for your meeting, I took a shower and was remembering all your rules.” He blinks. The humor in his expression has vanished, and he regards me cautiously. “And I was ticking them off one by one and how I felt about them, and I remembered the beauty salon, and I thought . . . this is what you’d like. I wasn’t brave enough to get a wax.” My voice disappears into a whisper. He stares at me, his eyes glowing—this time not with mirth at my folly, but with love. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes. He leans down and kisses me tenderly. “You beguile me,” he whispers against my lips and kisses me once more, clasping my face in both his hands. After a breathless moment, he pulls back and leans up on one elbow. The humor is back. “I think I should do a thorough inspection of your handiwork, Mrs. Grey.” “What? No.” He has to be kidding! I cover myself, protecting my recently deforested area. “Oh, no you don’t, Anastasia.” He grasps my hands and pries them away, moving nimbly so he’s between my legs and pinning my hands to my sides. He gives me a scorching look that could light dry tinder, but before I combust, he bends and skims his lips down my naked belly directly to my sex. I squirm beneath him, reluctantly resigned to my fate. “Well, what have we here?” Christian plants a kiss where, until this morning, I had pubic hair— then scrapes his bristly chin across me. “Ah!” I exclaim. Wow . . . that’s sensitive. Christian’s eyes dart to mine, full of salacious longing. “I think you missed a bit,” he mutters and tugs gently, right underneath. “Oh . . . Damn,” I mutter, hoping this will put an end to his frankly intrusive scrutiny. “I have an idea.” He leaps naked out of bed and heads to the bathroom.
What on earth is he doing? He returns moments later, carrying a glass of water, a mug, my razor, his shaving brush, soap, and a towel. He puts the water, brush, soap, and razor on the bedside table and gazes down at me, holding the towel. Oh no! My subconscious slams down her Complete Works of Charles Dickens , leaps up from her armchair, and puts her hands on her hips. “No. No. No,” I squeak. “Mrs. Grey, if a job’s worth doing, it’s worth doing well. Lift your hips.” His eyes glow summer storm gray. “Christian! You are not shaving me.” He tilts his head to one side. “Why ever not?” I flush . . . isn’t it obvious? “Because . . . It’s just too . . .” “Intimate?” he whispers. “Ana, I crave intimacy with you—you know that. Besides, after some of the things we’ve done, don’t get all squeamish on me now. And, I know this part of your body better than you do.” I gape at him. Of all the arrogant . . . true, he does—but still. “It’s just wrong!” My voice is prissy and whiney. “This isn’t wrong—this is hot.” Hot? Really? “This turns you on?” I can’t keep the astonishment out of my voice. He snorts. “Can’t you tell?” He glances down at his arousal. “I want to shave you,” he whispers Oh, what the hell. I lie back, throwing my arm over my face so I don’t have to watch. “If it makes you happy, Christian, go ahead. You are so kinky,” I mutter, as I lift my hips, and he slips the towel beneath me. He kisses my inner thigh. “Oh, baby, how right you are.” I hear the slosh of water as he dips the shaving brush in the glass of water, then the soft swirl of the brush in the mug. He grasps my left ankle and parts my legs, and the bed dips as he sits between my legs. “I’d really like to tie you up right now,” he murmurs. “I promise to keep still.” “Good.” I gasp as he runs the lathered brush over my pubic bone. It’s warm. The water in the glass must be hot. I squirm a little. It tickles . . . but in a good way. “Don’t move,” Christian admonishes and applies the brush again. “Or I will tie you down,” he adds darkly, and a delicious shiver runs down my spine. “Have you done this before?” I ask tentatively when he reaches for the razor. “No.” “Oh. Good.” I grin. “Another first, Mrs. Grey.” “Hmm. I like firsts.” “Me, too. Here goes.” And with a gentleness that surprises me, he runs the razor over my sensitive flesh. “Keep still,” he says distractedly, and I know he’s concentrating hard. It only takes a matter of minutes before he grabs the towel and wipes all the excess lather off me. “There—that’s more like it,” he muses, and I finally lift my arm to look at him as he sits back to admire his handiwork. “Happy?” I ask, my voice hoarse. “Very.” He grins wickedly and slowly eases a finger inside me.
“But that was fun,” he says his eyes gently mocking. “For you maybe.” I try to pout—but he’s right . . . it was . . . arousing. “I seem to recall the aftermath was very satisfying.” Christian returns to finishing his shave. I glance quickly down at my fingers. Yes, it was. I had no idea that the absence of pubic hair could make such a difference. “Hey, I’m just teasing. Isn’t that what husbands who are hopelessly in love with their wives do?” Christian tips my chin up and gazes at me, his eyes suddenly filled with apprehension as he endeavors to read my expression. Hmm . . . payback time. “Sit,” I mutter. He stares, not understanding. I push him gently toward the lone white stool in the bathroom. Perplexed, he sits down, and I take the razor from him. “Ana,” he warns as he realizes my intention. I lean down and kiss him. “Head back,” I whisper. He hesitates. “Tit for tat, Mr. Grey.” He stares at me with wary, amused disbelief. “You know what you’re doing?” he asks, his voice low. I shake my head slowly, deliberately, trying to look as serious as possible. He closes his eyes and shakes his head then tilts his head back in surrender. Holy shit, he’s going to let me shave him . My inner goddess flexes and stretches her arms outward, her fingers interlocked, palms out, limbering up. Tentatively I slide my hand into the damp hair at his forehead, gripping tightly to hold him still. He clenches his eyes closed and parts his lips as he inhales. Very gently, I stroke his razor up from his neck to his chin, revealing a path of skin beneath the lather. Christian exhales. “Did you think I was going to hurt you?” “I never know what you’re going to do, Ana, but no—not intentionally.” I run the razor up his neck again, clearing a wider path in the lather. “I would never intentionally hurt you, Christian.” He opens his eyes and circles his arms around me as I gently drag the razor down his cheek from the bottom of his sideburn. “I know,” he says, angling his face so I can shave the rest of his cheek. Two more strokes and I’ve finished. “All done, and not a drop of blood spilled.” I grin proudly. He runs his hand up my leg so that my nightdress rides up my thigh and pulls me on to his lap so that I’m astride him. I steady myself with my hands on his upper arms. He’s really very muscular. “Can I take you somewhere today?” “No sunbathing?” I arch a caustic brow at him. He licks his lips nervously. “No. No sunbathing today. I thought you might prefer something else.” “Well, since you’ve covered me in hickeys and effectively put the kibosh on that, sure, why not?” Wisely he chooses to ignore my tone. “It’s a drive, but it’s worth a visit from what I’ve read. My dad recommended we visit. It’s a hilltop village called Saint Paul de Vence. There are some galleries there. I thought we could pick out some paintings or sculptures for the new house, if we find anything we like.”
Holy crap. I lean back and gaze at him. Art . . . he wants to buy art. How can I buy art? “What?” he asks. “I know nothing about art, Christian.” He shrugs and smiles at me indulgently. “We’ll only buy what we like. This isn’t about investment.” Investment? Jeez. “What?” he says again. I shake my head. “Look, I know we only got the architect’s drawings the other day—but there’s no harm in looking, and the town is an ancient, medieval place.” Oh, the architect. He had to remind me of her . . . Gia Matteo, a friend of Elliot’s who worked on Christian’s place in Aspen. During our meetings, she’d been all over Christian like a rash. “What now?” Christian exclaims. I shake my head. “Tell me,” he urges. How can I tell him that I don’t like Gia? My dislike is irrational. I don’t want to come across as the jealous wife. “You’re not still mad about what I did yesterday?” He sighs and nuzzles his face between my breasts. “No. I’m hungry,” I mutter, knowing full well that this will distract him from this line of questioning. “Why didn’t you say?” He eases me off his lap and stands. Saint Paul de Vence is a medieval, fortified, hilltop village, one of the most picturesque places I have ever seen. I stroll arm in arm with Christian through the narrow cobblestone streets with my hand in the back pocket of his shorts. Taylor and either Gaston or Philippe—I can’t tell the difference between them—trail behind us. We pass a tree-covered square where three old men, one wearing a traditional beret in spite of the heat, are playing boules. It’s quite crowded with tourists, but I feel comfortable tucked under Christian’s arm. There is so much to see—little alleys and passageways leading to courtyards with intricate stone fountains, ancient and modern sculptures, and fascinating little boutiques and shops. In the first gallery, Christian gazes distractedly at the erotic photographs in front of us, sucking gently on the arm of his aviator specs. They are the work of Florence D’elle—naked women in various poses. “Not quite what I had in mind,” I mumble disapprovingly. They make me think of the box of photographs I found in his closet, our closet. I wonder if he ever did destroy them. “Me neither,” Christian says, grinning down at me. He takes my hand, and we stroll to the next artist. Idly, I wonder if I should let him take photos of me. My inner goddess nods frantically with approval. The next display is by a female painter who specializes in figurative art—fruit and vegetables super close up and in rich, glorious color. “I like those.” I point to three paintings of peppers. “They remind me of you chopping vegetables in my apartment.” I giggle. Christian’s mouth twists as he tries and fails to hide his amusement. “I thought I managed that quite competently,” he mutters. “I was just a bit slow, and anyway”—he pulls me into an embrace—“you were distracting me. Where would you put them?” “What?” Christian is nuzzling my ear. “The paintings—where would you put them?” He bites my earlobe
and I feel it in my groin. “Kitchen,” I murmur. “Hmm. Nice idea, Mrs. Grey.” I squint at the price. Five thousand euros each. Holy shit! “They’re really expensive!” I gasp. “So?” He nuzzles me again. “Get used to it, Ana.” He releases me and saunters over to the desk where a young woman dressed entirely in white is gaping at him. I want to roll my eyes, but turn my attention back to the paintings. Five thousand euros . . . jeez. We have finished lunch and are relaxing over coffee at the Hotel Le Saint Paul. The view of the surrounding countryside is stunning. Vineyards and fields of sunflowers form a patchwork across the plain, interspersed here and there with neat little French farmhouses. It’s such a clear, beautiful day we can see all the way to the sea, glinting faintly on the horizon. Christian interrupts my reverie. “You asked me why I braid your hair,” he murmurs. His tone alarms me. He looks . . . guilty. “Yes.” Oh, shit. “The crack whore used to let me play with her hair, I think. I don’t know if it’s a memory or a dream.” Whoa! His birth mom. He gazes at me, his expression unreadable. My heart leaps into my mouth. What do I say when he says things like this? “I like you playing with my hair.” My voice is hesitant. He regards me with uncertainty. “Do you?” “Yes.” It’s the truth. I grasp his hand. “I think you loved your birth mother, Christian.” His eyes widen and he stares at me impassively, saying nothing. Holy shit. Have I gone too far? Say something, Fifty—please. But he remains resolutely mute, gazing at me with fathomless gray eyes while the silence stretches between us. He looks lost. He glances down at my hand on his and he frowns. “Say something,” I whisper, because I cannot bear the silence any longer. He shakes his head, exhaling deeply. “Let’s go.” He releases my hand and stands. His expression guarded. Have I overstepped the mark? I have no idea. My heart sinks and I don’t know whether to say anything else or just let it go. I decide on the latter and follow him dutifully out of the restaurant. In the lovely narrow street, he takes my hand. “Where do you want to go?” He speaks! And he’s not mad at me—thank heavens. I exhale, relieved, and shrug. “I am just glad you’re still speaking to me.” “You know I don’t like talking about all that shit. It’s done. Finished,” he says quietly. No, Christian, it isn’t . The thought saddens me, and for the first time I wonder if it will ever be finished. He’ll always be Fifty Shades . . . my Fifty Shades. Do I want him to change? No, not really —only insofar as I want him to feel loved. Peeking up at him, I take a moment to admire his captivating beauty . . . and he’s mine. And it’s not just the allure of his fine, fine face and his body that has me spellbound. It’s what’s behind the perfection that draws me, that calls to me . . . his fragile, damaged soul. He gives me that look, down his nose, half amused, half wary, wholly sexy then tucks me under his arm, and we make our way through the tourists toward the spot where Philippe/Gaston has parked the roomy Mercedes. I slip my hand back into the back pocket of Christian’s shorts, grateful that he isn’t
mad. But, honestly, what four-year-old child doesn’t love his mom, no matter how bad a mom she is? I sigh heavily and hug him closer. I know behind us the security team lurks, and I wonder idly if they’ve eaten. Christian stops outside a small boutique selling fine jewelry and gazes in the window, then down at me. He grasps my free hand and runs his thumb across the faded red line of the handcuff mark, inspecting it. “It’s not sore.” I reassure him. He twists so that my other hand is freed from his pocket. He clasps that hand, too, turning it gently over to examine my wrist. The platinum Omega watch he gave me at breakfast on our first morning in London obscures the red line. The inscription still makes me swoon. Anastasia You are my More My Love, My Life Christian In spite of everything, all his Fiftyness, my husband can be so romantic. I gaze down at the faint marks on my wrist. Then again, he can be savage sometimes. Releasing my left hand, he tilts my chin up with his fingers and scrutinizes my expression, his eyes troubled. “They don’t hurt,” I repeat. He pulls my hand to his lips and plants a soft apologetic kiss on the inside of my wrist. “Come,” he says and leads me into the shop. “Here,” Christian holds open the platinum bracelet he’s just purchased. It’s exquisite, so delicately crafted, the filigree in the shape of small abstract flowers with small diamonds at their heart. He fastens it around my wrist. It’s wide and cuff-like and hides the red marks. It also cost around thirty thousand euros, I think, though I couldn’t really follow the conversation in French with the sales assistant. I have never worn anything so expensive. “There, that’s better,” he murmurs. “Better?” I whisper, gazing into luminous gray eyes, conscious that the stick-thin sales assistant is staring at us with a jealous and disapproving look. “You know why,” Christian says uncertainly. “I don’t need this.” I shake my wrist and the cuff moves. It catches the afternoon light streaming through the boutique window and small sparkling rainbows dance off the diamonds all over the walls of the store. “I do,” he says with utter sincerity. Why? Why does he need this? Does he feel guilty? About what? The marks? His birth mother? Not confiding in me? Oh, Fifty. “No, Christian, you don’t. You’ve given me so much already. A magical honeymoon, London, Paris, the Cote D’Azur . . . and you. I’m a very lucky girl,” I whisper and his eyes soften. “No, Anastasia, I’m a very lucky man.” “Thank you.” Stretching up on tiptoes, I put my arms around his neck and kiss him . . . not for giving me the bracelet but for being mine. Back in the car he’s introspective, gazing out at the fields of bright sunflowers, their heads following and basking in the afternoon sun. One of the twins—I think it’s Gaston—is driving and Taylor is beside him up front. Christian is brooding about something. I clasp his hand, giving it a reassuring
squeeze. He glances at me before releasing my hand and caressing my knee. I’m wearing a short, full, blue and white skirt, and a blue, fitted, sleeveless shirt. Christian hesitates, and I don’t know if his hand is going to travel up my thigh or down my leg. I tense with anticipation at the gentle touch of his fingers and my breath catches. What’s he going to do? He chooses down, suddenly grasps my ankle and pulls my foot on to his lap. I swivel my backside so I am facing him in the back of the car. “I want the other one, too.” I glance nervously toward Taylor and Gaston, whose eyes are resolutely on the road ahead, and place my other foot on his lap. His eyes cool, he reaches over and presses a button located in his door. In front of us, a lightly tinted privacy screen slides out of a panel, and ten seconds later we are effectively on our own. Wow . . . no wonder the back of this car has so much legroom. “I want to look at your ankles,” Christian offers his quiet explanation. His gaze is anxious. The cuff marks? Jeez . . . I thought we’d dealt with this. If there are marks, they are hidden by the sandal straps. I don’t recall seeing any this morning. Gently, he strokes his thumb up my right instep, making me wriggle. A smile plays on his lips and deftly he undoes one strap, and his smile fades as he’s confronted with the darker red marks. “Doesn’t hurt,” I murmur. He glances at me and his expression is sad, his mouth a thin line. He nods once as if he’s taking me at my word while I shake my sandal loose so it falls to the floor, but I know I’ve lost him. He’s distracted and brooding again, mechanically caressing my foot while he turns away to gaze out the car window once more. “Hey. What did you expect?” I ask softly. He glances at me and shrugs. “I didn’t expect to feel like I do looking at these marks,” he says. Oh! Reticent one minute and forthcoming the next? How . . . Fifty! How can I keep up with him? “How do you feel?” Bleak eyes gaze at me. “Uncomfortable,” he murmurs. Oh, no. I unbuckle my seatbelt and scoot closer to him, leaving my feet in his lap. I want to crawl into his lap and hold him, and I would, if it were just Taylor in the front. But knowing Gaston is there cramps my style despite the glass. If only it were darker. I clutch his hands. “It’s the hickeys I don’t like,” I whisper. “Everything else . . . what you did”—I lower my voice even further—“with the handcuffs, I enjoyed that. Well, more than enjoyed. It was mind-blowing. You can do that to me again anytime.” He shifts in his seat. “Mind-blowing?” My inner goddess looks up startled from her Jackie Collins. “Yes.” I grin. I flex my toes into his hardening crotch and see rather than hear his sharp intake of breath, his lips parting. “You should really be wearing your seat belt, Mrs. Grey.” His voice is low, and I curl my toes around him once more. He inhales and his eyes darken, and he clasps my ankle in warning. Does he want me stop? Continue? He pauses, scowls then fishes his ever-present BlackBerry out of his pocket to take an incoming call while glancing at his watch. His frown deepens. “Barney,” he snaps. Crap. Work interrupting us again. I try to remove my feet, but he tightens his fingers around my ankle. “In the server room?” he says in disbelief. “Did it activate the fire suppression system?” Fire! I take my feet off his lap and this time he lets me. I sit back in my seat, buckle my seat belt, and fiddle nervously with the fifteen-thousand-euro bracelet. Christian presses the button in his door armrest again and the privacy glass slides down. “Anyone injured? Damage? I see . . . When?” Christian glances at his watch again then runs his
hand through his hair. “No. Not the fire department or the police. Not yet anyway.” Holy crap! A fire? At Christian’s office? I gape at him, my mind racing. Taylor shifts so he can hear Christian’s conversation. “Has he? Good . . . Okay. I want a detailed damage report. And a complete rundown of everyone who had access over the last five days, including the cleaning staff . . . Get hold of Andrea and get her to call me . . . Yeah, sounds like the argon is just as effective, worth its weight in gold.” Damage report? Argon? It rings a distant bell from chemistry class—an element, I think. “I realize it’s early . . . E-mail me in two hours . . . No, I need to know. Thank you for calling me.” Christian hangs up, then immediately punches a number into the BlackBerry. “Welch . . . Good . . . When?” Christian glances at his watch yet again. “An hour then . . . yes . . . Twenty-four-seven at the off-site data store . . . good.” He hangs up. “Philippe, I need to be onboard within the hour.” “Monsieur.” Shit, it’s Philippe, not Gaston. The car surges forward. Christian glances at me, his expression unreadable. “Anyone hurt?” I ask quietly. Christian shakes his head. “Very little damage.” He reaches over and clasps my hand, squeezing it reassuringly. “Don’t worry about this. My team is on it.” And there he is, the CEO, in command, in control and not flustered at all. “Where was the fire?” “Server room.” “Grey House?” “Yes.” His responses are clipped, so I know he doesn’t want to talk about it. “Why so little damage?” “The server room is fitted with a state-of-the-art fire suppression system.” Of course it is. “Ana, please . . . don’t worry.” “I’m not worried,” I lie. “We don’t know for sure that it was arson,” he says, cutting to the heart of my anxiety. My hand clutches my throat in fear. Charlie Tango and now this? What next?
I’m restless. Christian has been holed up in the onboard study for over an hour. I have tried reading, watching TV sunbathing—fully dressed sunbathing—but I can’t relax, and I can’t rid myself of this , edgy feeling. After changing into shorts and a T-shirt, I remove the ludicrously expensive bangle and go to find Taylor. “Mrs. Grey,” he says, startled from his Anthony Burgess novel. He’s sitting in the small salon outside Christian’s study. “I’d like to go shopping.” “Yes ma’am.” He stands. “I’d like to take the Jet Ski.” His mouth drops open. “Erm.” He frowns, lost for words. “I don’t want to bother Christian with this.” He represses a sigh. “Mrs. Grey . . . um . . . I don’t think Mr. Grey would be very comfortable with that, and I’d like to keep my job.” Oh, for heaven’s sake! I want to roll my eyes at him, but I narrow them instead, sighing heavily and expressing, I think, the right amount of frustrated indignation that I am not mistress of my own destiny. Then again, I don’t want Christian mad at Taylor—or me, for that matter. Striding confidently past him, I knock on the study door and enter. Christian is on his BlackBerry, leaning against the mahogany desk. He glances up. “Andrea, hold please,” he mutters down the phone, his expression serious. His gaze is politely expectant. Shit. Why do I feel like I’ve entered the principal’s office? This man had me in handcuffs yesterday. I refuse to be intimidated by him, he’s my husband damn it. I square my shoulders and give him a broad smile. “I’m going shopping. I’ll take security with me.” “Sure, take one of the twins and Taylor, too,” he says, and I know that whatever’s happening is serious because he doesn’t question me further. I stand staring at him, wondering if I can help. “Anything else?” he asks. He wants me gone. Crap. “Can I get you anything?” I ask. He smiles his sweet shy smile. “No, baby, I’m good,” he says. “The crew will look after me.” “Okay.” I want to kiss him. Hell, I can—he’s my husband. Strolling purposefully forward, I plant a kiss on his lips, surprising him. “Andrea, I’ll call you back,” he mutters. He puts the BlackBerry down on the desk behind him,
pulls me into his embrace, and kisses me passionately. I am breathless when he releases me. His eyes are dark and needy. “You’re distracting me. I need to sort this, so I can get back to my honeymoon.” He runs an index finger down my face and caresses my chin, tilting my face up. “Okay. I’m sorry.” “Please don’t apologize, Mrs. Grey. I love your distractions.” He kisses the corner of my mouth. “Go spend some money.” He releases me. “Will do.” I smirk at him as I exit his study. My subconscious shakes her head and purses her lips. You didn’t tell him you were going on the Jet Ski , she chastises me in her singsong voice. I ignore her . . . Harpy. Taylor is patiently waiting. “That’s all cleared with high command . . . can we go?” I smile, trying to keep the sarcasm out of my voice. Taylor doesn’t hide his admiring smile. “Mrs. Grey, after you.” Taylor patiently talks me through the controls on the Jet Ski and how to ride it. He has a calm, gentle authority about him; he’s a good teacher. We are in the motor launch, bobbing and weaving on the calm waters of the harbor beside the Fair Lady. Gaston looks on, his expression hidden by his shades, and one of the Fair Lady’s crew is at the controls of the motor launch. Jeez—three people with me, just because I want to go shopping. It’s ridiculous. Zipping up my life jacket, I give Taylor a beaming grin. He holds out his hand to assist me as I climb onto the Jet Ski. “Fasten the strap of the ignition key around your wrist, Mrs. Grey. If you fall off, the engine will cut out automatically,” he explains. “Okay.” “Ready?’ I nod enthusiastically. “Press the ignition when you’ve drifted about four feet away from the boat. We’ll follow you.” “Okay.” He pushes the Jet Ski away from the launch, and it floats gently into the main harbor. When he gives me the okay sign, I press the ignition button and the engine roars into life. “Okay, Mrs. Grey, easy does it!” Taylor shouts. I squeeze the accelerator. The Jet Ski lurches forward then stalls. Crap! How does Christian make it look so easy? I try again, and once again, I stall. Double crap! “Just steady on the gas, Mrs. Grey,” Taylor calls. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I mutter under my breath. I try once more, very gently squeezing the lever, and the Jet Ski lurches forward—but this time it keeps going. Yes! It goes some more. Ha ha! It still keeps going! I want to shout and squeal in excitement, but I resist. I cruise gently away from the yacht into the main harbor. Behind me, I hear the throaty roar of the motor launch. When I squeeze the gas further, the Jet Ski leaps forward, skating across the water. With the warm breeze in my hair and a fine sea spray on either side of me, I feel free. This rocks! No wonder Christian never lets me drive. Rather than head for the shore and curtail the fun, I veer around to do a circuit of the stately Fair Lady. Wow—this is so much fun. I ignore Taylor and the crew behind me and speed around the yacht for a second time. As I complete the circuit, I spot Christian on deck. I think he’s gaping at me, though it’s difficult to tell. Bravely, I lift one hand from the handlebars and wave enthusiastically at him. He
looks like he’s made of stone, but finally he raises his hand in the semblance of a stiff wave. I can’t work out his expression, and something tells me I don’t want to, so I head to the marina, speeding across the blue water of the Mediterranean that shimmers in the late afternoon sun. At the dock, I wait and let Taylor pull up ahead of me. His expression is bleak, and my heart sinks, though Gaston looks vaguely amused. I wonder briefly if something has happened to chill GallicAmerican relations, but deep down I suspect the problem is probably me. Gaston leaps out of the motorboat and ties it to the moorings while Taylor directs me to come alongside. Very gently I ease the Jet Ski into position beside the boat and line up beside him. His expression softens a little. “Just switch off the ignition, Mrs. Grey,” he says calmly, reaching for the handlebars and holding out a hand to help me into the motorboat. I nimbly climb aboard, impressed that I don’t fall in. “Mrs. Grey,” Taylor blinks nervously, his cheeks pink once more. “Mr. Grey is not entirely comfortable with you riding on the Jet Ski.” He’s practically squirming with embarrassment, and I realize he’s had an irate call from Christian. Oh, my poor, pathologically overprotective husband, what am I going to do with you? I smile serenely at Taylor. “I see. Well, Taylor, Mr. Grey is not here, and if he’s not entirely comfortable, I’m sure he’ll give me the courtesy of telling me himself when I’m back on board.” Taylor winces. “Very good, Mrs. Grey,” he says quietly, handing me my purse. As I climb out of the boat, I catch a glimpse of his reluctant smile, and it makes me want to smile, too. I cannot believe how fond I am of Taylor, but I really don’t appreciate being scolded by him— he’s not my father or my husband. Crap, Christian’s mad—and he has enough to worry about at the moment. What was I thinking? As I stand on the dock waiting for Taylor to climb up, I feel my BlackBerry vibrate in my purse and fish it out. Sadé’s “Your Love is King” is my ring tone for Christian—only for Christian. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi,” he says. “I’ll come back on the boat. Don’t be mad.” I hear his small gasp of surprise. “Um . . .” “It was fun, though,” I whisper. He sighs. “Well, far be it for me to curtail your fun, Mrs. Grey. Just be careful. Please.” Oh my! Permission to have fun! “I will. Anything you want from town?” “Just you, back in one piece.” “I’ll do my best to comply, Mr. Grey.” “I’m glad to hear it, Mrs. Grey.” “We aim to please,” I respond with a giggle. I hear his smile in his voice. “I have another call—laters, baby.” “Laters, Christian.” He hangs up. Jet Ski crisis averted, I think. The car is waiting, and Taylor holds the door open for me. I wink at him as I climb in, and he shakes his head in amusement. In the car, I fire up the e-mail on my BlackBerry. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Thank You Date: August 17, 2011 16:55 To: Christian Grey
For not being too grouchy. Your loving wife xxx From: Christian Grey Subject: Trying to Stay Calm Date: August 17, 2011 16:59 To: Anastasia Grey You’re welcome. Come back in one piece. This is not a request. x Christian Grey CEO & Overprotective Husband, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His response makes me smile. My control freak. Why did I want to come shopping? I hate shopping. But deep down I know why, and I walk determinedly past Chanel, Gucci, Dior, and the other designer boutiques and eventually find the antidote to what ails me in a small, overstocked, touristy store. It’s a little silver ankle bracelet with small hearts and little bells. It tinkles sweetly and it costs five euros. As soon as I’ve bought it, I put it on. This is me—this is what I like. Immediately I feel more comfortable. I don’t want to lose touch with the girl who likes this, ever. Deep down I know that I’m not only overwhelmed by Christian himself but also by his wealth. Will I ever get used to it? Taylor and Gaston follow me dutifully through the late afternoon crowds, and I soon forget they are there. I want to buy something for Christian, something to take his mind off what’s happening in Seattle. But what do I buy for the man who has everything? I pause in a small modern square surrounded by stores and gaze at each one in turn. When I spy an electronics store, our visit to the gallery earlier today and our visit to the Louvre come back to me. We were looking at the Venus de Milo at the time . . . Christian’s words echo in my head, “We can all appreciate the female form. We love to look whether in marble or oils or satin or film.” It gives me an idea, a daring idea. I just need help choosing the right one, and there’s only one person who can help me. I wrestle my BlackBerry out of my purse and call José. “Who . . . ?” he mumbles sleepily. “José, it’s Ana.” “Ana, hi! Where are you? You okay?” He sounds more alert now, concerned. “I’m in Cannes in the South of France, and I’m fine.” “South of France, huh? You in some fancy hotel?” “Um . . . no. We’re staying on a boat.” “A boat?” “A big boat.” I clarify, sighing. “I see.” His tone chills . . . Shit, I should not have called him. I don’t need this right now. “José, I need your advice.” “My advice?” He sounds stunned. “Sure,” he says, and this time he’s much more friendly. I tell him my plan. Two hours later, Taylor helps me out of the motor launch onto the steps up to the deck. Gaston is
helping the deckhand with the Jet Ski. Christian is nowhere to be seen, and I scurry down to our cabin to wrap his present, feeling a childish sense of delight. “You were gone some time.” Christian startles me just as I am applying the last piece of tape. I turn to find him standing in the doorway to the cabin, watching me intently. Holy shit! Am I still in trouble over the Jet Ski? Or is it the fire at his office? “Everything in control at your office?” I ask tentatively. “More or less,” he says, an annoyed frown flitting across his face. “I did a little shopping,” I murmur, hoping to lighten his mood, and praying his annoyance is not directed at me. He smiles warmly, and I know we’re okay. “What did you buy?” “This,” I put my foot up on the bed and show him my ankle chain. “Very nice,” he says. He steps over to me and fondles the tiny bells so that they jingle sweetly around my ankle. He frowns again and runs his fingers lightly along the mark, sending tingles up my leg. “And this.” I hold out the box, hoping to distract him. “For me?” he asks in surprise. I nod shyly. He takes the box and shakes it gently. He grins his boyish, dazzling smile and sits down beside me on the bed. Leaning over, he grasps my chin and kisses me. “Thank you,” he says with shy delight. “You haven’t opened it yet.” “I’ll love it, whatever it is.” He gazes down at me, his eyes glowing. “I don’t get many presents.” “It’s hard to buy you things. You have everything.” “I have you.” “You do.” I grin at him. Oh, you so do, Christian. He makes short work of the wrapping paper. “A Nikon?” He glances up at me, puzzled. “I know you have your compact digital camera but this is for . . . um . . . portraits and the like. It comes with two lenses.” He blinks at me, still not understanding. “Today in the gallery you liked the Florence D’elle photographs. And I remember what you said in the Louvre. And of course, there were those other photographs.” I swallow, trying my best not to recall the images I found in his closet. He stops breathing, his eyes widening as realization dawns, and I continue hurriedly before I lose my nerve. “I thought you might, um . . . like to take pictures of . . . me.” “Pictures. Of you?” He gapes at me, ignoring the box on his lap. I nod, desperately trying to gauge his reaction. Finally he gazes back down at the box, his fingers tracing over the illustration of the camera on the front with fascinated reverence. What is he thinking? Oh, this is not the reaction I was expecting, and my subconscious glares at me like I’m a domesticated farm animal. Christian never reacts the way I expect. He looks back up, his eyes filled with what, pain? “Why do you think I want this?” he asks, bemused. No, no, no! You said you’d love it . . . “Don’t you?” I ask, refusing to acknowledge my subconscious who is questioning why anyone would want erotic photographs of me. Christian swallows and runs a hand through his hair, and he looks so lost, so confused. He takes a deep breath.
“For me, photos like those have usually been an insurance policy, Ana. I know I’ve objectified women for so long,” he says and pauses awkwardly. “And you think taking pictures of me is . . . um, objectifying me?” All the air leaves my body, and the blood drains from my face. He scrunches up his eyes. “I am so confused,” he whispers. When he opens his eyes again, they are wide and wary, full of some raw emotion. Shit. Is it me? My questions earlier about his birth mom? The fire at his office? “Why do you say that?” I whisper, panic rising in my throat. I thought he was happy. I thought we were happy. I thought I made him happy. I don’t want to confuse him. Do I? My mind starts racing. He hasn’t seen Flynn in nearly three weeks. Is that it? Is that the reason he’s unraveling? Shit, should I call Flynn? And in a possibly unique moment of extraordinary depth and clarity, it comes to me—the fire, Charlie Tango, the Jet Ski . . . He’s scared, he’s scared for me, and seeing these marks on my skin must bring that home. He’s been fussing about them all day, confusing himself because he’s not used to feeling uncomfortable about inflicting pain. The thought chills me. He shrugs and once more his eyes move down to my wrist where the bangle he bought me this afternoon used to be. Bingo! “Christian, these don’t matter.” I hold up my wrist, revealing the fading welt. “You gave me a safe word. Shit—yesterday was fun. I enjoyed it. Stop brooding about it—I like rough sex, I’ve told you that before.” I blush scarlet as I try to quash my rising panic. He gazes at me intently, and I have no idea what he’s thinking. Maybe he’s measuring my words. I stumble on. “Is this about the fire? Do you think it’s connected somehow to Charlie Tango? Is this why you’re worried? Talk to me, Christian—please.” He stares at me, saying nothing and the silence expands between us again as it did this afternoon. Holy fucking crap! He’s not going to talk to me, I know. “Don’t overthink this Christian,” I scold quietly, and the words echo, disturbing a memory from the recent past—his words to me about his stupid contract. I reach over, take the box from his lap, and open it. He watches me passively as if I’m a fascinating alien creature. Knowing that the camera is prepped by the overly helpful salesman in the store, and ready to go, I fish it out of the box and remove the lens cap. I point the camera at him so his beautiful anxious face fills the frame. I press the button and keep it pressed, and ten pictures of Christian’s alarmed expression are captured digitally for posterity. “I’ll objectify you then,” I murmur, pressing the shutter again. On the final still his lips twitch almost imperceptibly. I press again, and this time he smiles . . . a small smile, but a smile nevertheless. I hold down the button once more and see him physically relax in front of me and pout— a full-on, posed, ridiculous, “Blue Steel” pout, and it makes me giggle. Oh, thank heavens. Mr. Mercurial is back—and I’ve never been so pleased to see him. “I thought it was my present,” he mutters sulkily, but I think he’s teasing. “Well, it was supposed to be fun, but apparently it’s a symbol of women’s oppression.” I snap away, taking more pictures of him, and watch the amusement grow on his face in super close-up. Then his eyes darken, and his expression changes to predatory. “You want to be oppressed?” he murmurs silkily. “Not oppressed. No,” I murmur back, snapping again. “I could oppress you big time, Mrs. Grey,” he threatens, his voice husky. “I know you can, Mr. Grey. And you do, frequently.”
His face falls. Shit. I lower the camera and stare at him. “What’s wrong, Christian?” My voice oozes frustration. Tell me! He says nothing. Gah! He’s so infuriating. I lift the camera to my eye again. “Tell me,” I insist. “Nothing,” he says and abruptly disappears from the viewfinder. In one swift, smooth move, he sweeps the camera box onto the cabin floor, grabs me and pushes me down onto the bed. He sits astride me. “Hey!” I exclaim and take more photographs of him, smiling down at me with dark intent. He grabs the camera by the lens, and the photographer becomes the subject as he points the Nikon at me and presses the shutter down. “So, you want me to take pictures of you, Mrs. Grey?” he says, amused. All I can see of his face is his unruly hair and a broad grin on his sculptured mouth. “Well, for a start, I think you should be laughing,” he says, and he tickles me ruthlessly under my ribs, making me squeal and giggle and squirm beneath him until I grasp his wrist in a vain attempt to make him stop. His grin widens, and he renews his efforts while snapping pictures. “No! Stop!” I scream. “Are you kidding?” he growls and puts the camera down beside us so that he can torture me with both hands. “Christian!” I splutter and gasp my laughing protest. He has never ever tickled me before. Fuck— stop! I thrash my head from side to side, trying to wiggle out from under him, giggling and pushing both of his hands away, but he’s unrelenting—grinning down at me, enjoying my torment. “Christian, stop!” I plead and he stops suddenly. Grabbing both of my hands, he holds them down on either side of my head while looming over me. I am panting and breathless with laughter. His breathing mirrors mine, and he gazes down at me with . . . what? My lungs stop functioning. Wonder? Love? Reverence? Holy cow. That look! “You. Are. So. Beautiful,” he breathes. I stare up at his dear, dear face bathed in the intensity of his gaze, and it’s as if he’s seeing me for the first time. Leaning down, he closes his eyes and kisses me, enraptured. His response is a wake-up call to my libido . . . seeing him like this, undone, by me. Oh my. He releases my hands and curls his fingers around my head and into my hair, holding me gently in place, and my body rises and fills with my arousal, responding to his kiss. And suddenly the nature of his kiss alters, no longer sweet, reverential and admiring, but carnal, deep and devouring—his tongue invading my mouth, taking not giving, his kiss possessing a desperate needy edge. As desire courses through my blood, awakening every muscle and sinew in its wake, I feel a frisson of alarm. Oh, Fifty, what’s wrong? He inhales sharply and groans. “Oh, what you do to me,” he murmurs, lost and raw. He moves suddenly, lying down on top of me, pressing me into the mattress—one hand cupping my chin, the other skimming over my body, my breast, my waist, my hip, and around my behind. He kisses me again, pushing his leg between mine, raising my knee, and grinding against me, his erection straining against our clothes and my sex. I gasp and moan against his lips, losing myself to his fervent passion. I dismiss the distant alarm bells in the back of my mind, knowing that he wants me, that he needs me, and that when it comes to communicating with me, this is his favorite form of self-expression. I kiss him with renewed abandon, running my fingers through his hair, fisting my hands, holding tight. He tastes so good and smells of Christian, my Christian. Abruptly, he stops, stands up, and pulls me off the bed so that I am standing in front of him, dazed.
He undoes the button on my shorts and kneels quickly, yanking them and my panties down, and before I can breathe again, I am back on the bed beneath him and he’s unbuttoning his fly. Holy cow, he’s not taking off his clothes or my T-shirt. He holds my head and with no preamble whatsoever he thrusts himself inside me, making me cry out—more in surprise than anything else—but I can still hear the hiss of his breath forced through his clenched teeth. “Yessss,” he hisses close to my ear. He stills, then swivels his hips once, pushing deeper, making me groan. “I need you,” he growls, his voice low and husky. He runs his teeth along my jaw, nipping and sucking, and then he’s kissing me again, hard. I wrap my legs and arms around him, cradling and holding him hard against me, determined to wipe out whatever’s worrying him, and he starts to move . . . move like he’s trying to climb inside me. Over and over, frantic, primal, desperate, and before I lose myself in the insane rhythm and pace he’s setting, I briefly wonder once more what’s driving him, worrying him. But my body takes over, obliterating the thought, climbing and building so I am awash with sensation, meeting him thrust for thrust. Listening to his harsh breathing, labored and fierce at my ear. Knowing that he’s lost in me . . . I groan loudly, panting. It’s so erotic—his need for me. I am reaching . . . reaching . . . and he’s driving me higher, overwhelming me, taking me, and I want this. I want this so much . . . for him and for me. “Come with me,” he gasps, and he rears up over me so I have to break my hold around him. “Open your eyes,” he orders. “I need to see you.” His voice is urgent, implacable. My eyes flicker open momentarily, and the sight of him above me—his face taut with ardor, his eyes raw and glowing. His passion and his love is my undoing, and on cue I come, throwing my head back as my body pulses around him. “Oh, Ana,” he cries and he joins my climax, driving into me, then stilling and collapsing onto me. He rolls over so that I’m sprawled on top of him, and he’s still inside me. As I surface from my orgasm and my body steadies and calms, I want to make some quip about being objectified and oppressed, but hold my tongue, uncertain of his mood. I glance up from Christian’s chest to examine his face. His eyes are closed and his arms are wrapped around me, clinging tight. I kiss his chest through the thin fabric of his linen shirt. “Tell me, Christian, what’s wrong?” I ask softly and wait anxiously to see if even now, sated by sex, he’ll tell me. I feel his arms tighten around me further, but it’s his only response. He’s not going to talk. Inspiration hits me. “I give you my solemn vow to be your faithful partner in sickness and in health, to stand by your side in good times and in bad, to share your joy as well as your sorrow,” I murmur. He freezes. His only movement is to open wide his fathomless eyes and gaze at me as I continue my wedding vows. “I promise to love you unconditionally, to support you in your goals and dreams, to honor and respect you, to laugh with you and cry with you, to share my hopes and dreams with you, and bring you solace in times of need.” I pause, willing him to talk to me. He watches me, his lips parted, but says nothing. “And to cherish you for as long as we both shall live.” I sigh. “Oh, Ana,” he whispers and moves again, breaking our precious contact so that we’re lying side by side. He strokes my face with the back of his knuckles. “I solemnly vow that I will safeguard and hold dear and deep in my heart our union and you,” he whispers, his voice hoarse. “I promise to love you faithfully, forsaking all others, through the good times and the bad, in sickness or in health, regardless of where life takes us. I will protect you, trust
you, and respect you. I will share your joys and sorrows and comfort you in times of need. I promise to cherish you and uphold your hopes and dreams and keep you safe at my side. All that is mine is now yours. I give you my hand, my heart, and my love from this moment on for as long as we both shall live.” Tears spring to my eyes. His face softens as he gazes at me. “Don’t cry,” he murmurs, his thumb catching and dispatching a stray tear. “Why won’t you talk to me? Please, Christian.” He closes his eyes as if in pain. “I vowed I would bring you solace in times of need. Please don’t make me break my vows.” He sighs and opens his eyes, his expression bleak. “It’s arson,” he says simply, and he looks suddenly so young and vulnerable. Oh fuck. “And my biggest worry is that they are after me. And if they are after me—” He stops, unable to continue. “. . . They might get me,” I whisper. He blanches, and I know that I have finally uncovered the root of his anxiety. I caress his face. “Thank you,” I murmur. He frowns. “What for?” “For telling me.” He shakes his head and a ghost of a smile touches his lips. “You can be very persuasive, Mrs. Grey.” “And you can brood and internalize all your feelings and worry yourself to death. You’ll probably die of a heart attack before you’re forty, and I want you around far longer than that.” “Mrs. Grey, you’ll be the death of me. The sight of you on the Jet Ski—I nearly had a coronary.” He flops back on the bed and puts his hand over his eyes, and I feel him shudder. “Christian, it’s a Jet Ski. Even kids ride Jet Skis. Can you imagine what you’ll be like when we visit your place in Aspen and I go skiing for the first time?” He gasps and turns to face me, and I want to laugh at the horror on his face. “Our place,” he says eventually. I ignore him. “I’m a grown-up, Christian, and much tougher than I look. When are you going to learn this?” He shrugs and his mouth thins. I decide to change the subject. “So, the fire. Do the police know about the arson?” “Yes.” His expression is serious. “Good.” “Security is going to get tighter,” he says matter-of-factly. “I understand.” I glance down his body. He’s still wearing his shorts and his shirt, and I still have my T-shirt on. Jeez—talk about wham, bam, thank you ma’am. The thought makes me giggle. “What?” Christian asks, bemused. “You.” “Me?” “Yes. You. Still dressed.” “Oh.” He glances down at himself, then back at me, and his face erupts into an enormous smile. “Well, you know how hard it is for me to keep my hands off you, Mrs. Grey—especially when you’re giggling like a schoolgirl.”
Oh yes—the tickling. Gah! The tickling. I move quickly so that I’m straddling him, but immediately understanding my evil intent, he grabs both of my wrists. “No,” he says and he means it. I pout at him but decide that he’s not ready for this. “Please don’t,” he whispers. “I couldn’t bear it. I was never tickled as a child.” He pauses and I relax my hands so he doesn’t have to restrain me. “I used to watch Carrick with Elliot and Mia, tickling them, and it looked like such fun, but I . . . I . . .” I place my index finger on his lips. “Hush, I know,” I murmur and plant a soft kiss on his lips where my finger has just been, then curl up on his chest. The familiar painful ache swells inside me, and the profound sadness that I hold in my heart for Christian as a little boy seizes me once more. I know I would do anything for this man because I love him so. He puts his arms around me and presses his nose into my hair, inhaling deeply as he gently strokes my back. I don’t know how long we lie there, but eventually I break the comfortable silence between us. “What is the longest you’ve gone without seeing Dr. Flynn?” “Two weeks. Why? Do you have an incorrigible urge to tickle me?” “No.” I chuckle. “I think he helps you.” Christian snorts. “He should; I pay him enough.” He pulls my hair gently, turning my face to look up at him. I lift my head and meet his gaze. “Are you concerned for my well-being, Mrs. Grey?” he asks softly. “Every good wife is concerned for her beloved husband’s well-being, Mr. Grey,” I admonish him teasingly. “Beloved?” he whispers, and it’s a poignant question hanging between us. “Very much beloved.” I scoot up to kiss him, and he smiles his shy smile. “Do you want to go ashore to eat, Mrs. Grey?” “I want to eat wherever you’re happiest.” “Good.” He grins. “Aboard it is where I can keep you safe. Thank you for my present.” He reaches over and grabs the camera, and holding it at arm’s length, he snaps the two of us in our post tickling, postcoital, post confessional embrace. “The pleasure is all mine,” I smile and his eyes light up. We wander through the opulent, gilt splendor of the eighteenth century Palace of Versailles. Once a humble hunting lodge, it was transformed by the Roi Soleil into a magnificent, lavish seat of power, but even before the eighteenth century ended it saw the last of those absolute monarchs. The most stunning room by far is the Hall of Mirrors. The early afternoon light floods through windows to the west, lighting up the mirrors that line the east wall and illuminating the gold leaf décor and the enormous crystal chandeliers. It’s breathtaking. “Interesting to see what becomes of a despotic megalomaniac who isolates himself in such splendor,” I murmur to Christian as he stands at my side. He gazes down and cocks his head to one side, regarding me with humor.
“Your point, Mrs. Grey?” “Oh, merely an observation, Mr. Grey.” I wave my hand airily at the surroundings. Smirking, he follows me to the center of the room where I stand and gawk at the view—the spectacular gardens reflected in the looking glass and the spectacular Christian Grey, my husband, reflected back at me, his gaze bright and bold. “I would build this for you,” he whispers. “Just to see the way the light burnishes your hair, right here, right now.” He tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. “You look like an angel.” He kisses me just below my earlobe, takes my hand in his, and murmurs, “We despots do that for the women we love.” I flush at his compliment, smiling shyly, and follow him through the vast room. “What are you thinking about?” Christian asks softly, taking a sip of his after-dinner coffee. “Versailles.” “Ostentatious, wasn’t it?” He grins. I glance around the more understated grandeur of the Fair Lady’s dining room and purse my lips. “This is hardly ostentatious,” Christian says, a tad defensively. “I know. It’s lovely. The best honeymoon a girl could want.” “Really?” he says, genuinely surprised. And he smiles his shy smile. “Of course it is.” “We’ve only got two more days. Is there anything you’d like to see or do?” “Just be with you,” I murmur. He rises from the table, comes around, and kisses me on the forehead. “Well, can you do without me for about an hour? I need to check my e-mails, find out what’s happening at home.” “Sure,” I say brightly, trying to hide my disappointment that I’ll be without him for an hour. Is it freaky that I want to be with him all the time? My subconscious presses her lips into a narrow, unattractive line and nods vigorously. “Thank you for the camera,” he murmurs and heads for the study. Back in our cabin I decide to catch up on my correspondence and open my laptop. There are e-mails from my mom and from Kate, giving me the latest gossip from home and asking how the honeymoon is going. Well, great, until someone decided to burn down GEH Inc. . . . As I finish my response to my mom, an e-mail from Kate hits my inbox. From: Katherine L. Kavanagh Date: August 17, 2011 11:45 PST To: Anastasia Grey Subject: OMG!!!! Ana, just heard about the fire at Christian’s office. Do you think it’s arson? K xox Kate is online! I jump on to my newfound toy—Skype messaging—and see that she’s available. I quickly type a message.
Oh no—I’m sure Christian doesn’t want this broadcast all over Seattle. I try my patented distracttenacious-Kavanagh technique. Trust Kate to be on the trail of this story. I roll my eyes and shut Skype down before Christian sees the chat. He wouldn’t appreciate the ex-Dom comment, and I’m not sure he’s entirely ex . . . I sigh loudly. Kate knows everything, since our tipsy evening three weeks before the wedding when I finally succumbed to the Kavanagh inquisition. It was a relief to finally talk to someone. I glance at my watch. It’s been about an hour since dinner, and I am missing my husband. I head
back on deck to see if he’s finished his work. I am in the Hall of Mirrors and Christian is standing beside me, smiling down at me with love and affection. You look like an angel . I beam back at him, but when I glance into the looking glass, I’m standing on my own and the room is gray and drab. No! My head whips back to his face, to find his smile is sad and wistful. He tucks my hair behind my ear. Then he turns wordlessly and walks away slowly, the sound of his footsteps echoing off the mirrors as he paces the enormous room to the ornate double doors at the end . . . a man on his own, a man with no reflection . . . and I wake, gasping for air, as panic seizes me. “Hey,” he whispers from beside me in the darkness, his voice filled with concern. Oh, he’s here. He’s safe. Relief courses through me. “Oh, Christian,” I mumble, trying to bring my pounding heartbeat under control. He wraps me in his arms, and it’s only then that I realize I have tears streaming down my face. “Ana, what is it?” He strokes my cheek, wiping away my tears, and I can hear his anguish. “Nothing. A silly nightmare.” He kisses my forehead and my tearstained cheeks, comforting me. “Just a bad dream, baby,” he murmurs. “I’ve got you. I’ll keep you safe.” Drinking in his scent, I curl around him, trying to ignore the loss and devastation I felt in my dream, and in that moment, I know that my deepest, darkest fear would be losing him.
I stir, instinctively reaching for Christian only to feel his absence. Shit! I wake instantly and look anxiously around the cabin. Christian is watching me from the small, upholstered armchair by the bed. Stooping down, he places something on the floor, then moves and stretches out on the bed beside me. He’s dressed in his cut-offs and a gray T-shirt. “Hey, don’t panic. Everything’s fine,” he says, his voice gentle and soothing—like he’s talking to a cornered wild animal. Tenderly, he smooths the hair back from my face and I calm immediately. I see him trying and failing to hide his own concern. “You’ve been so jumpy these last couple of days,” he murmurs, his eyes wide and serious. “I’m okay, Christian.” I give him my brightest smile because I don’t want him to know how worried I am about the arson incident. The painful recollection of how I felt when Charlie Tango was sabotaged and Christian went missing—the hollow emptiness, the indescribable pain—keeps resurfacing; the memory nagging me and gnawing at my heart. Keeping the smile fixed on my face, I try to repress it. “Were you watching me sleep?” “Yes,” he says gazing at me steadily, studying me. “You were talking.” “Oh?” Shit! What was I saying? “You’re worried,” he adds, his eyes filled with concern. Is there nothing I can keep from this man? He leans forward and kisses me between my brows. “When you frown, a little V forms just here. It’s soft to kiss. Don’t worry baby, I’ll look after you.” “It’s not me I’m worried about, it’s you,” I grumble. “Who’s looking after you?” He smiles indulgently at my tone. “I’m big enough and ugly enough to look after myself. Come. Get up. There’s one thing I’d like to do before we head home.” He grins at me, a big boyish yes-I’mreally-only-twenty-eight grin, and swats my behind. I yelp, startled, and realize that today we’re going back to Seattle and my melancholy blossoms. I don’t want to leave. I’ve relished being with him 24-7, and I’m not ready to share him with his company and his family. We’ve had a blissful honeymoon. With a few ups and downs, I admit, but that’s normal for a newly married couple, surely? But Christian cannot contain his boyish excitement, and despite my dark thoughts, it’s infectious. When he rises gracefully off the bed, I follow, intrigued. What has he got in mind? Christian straps the key to my wrist.
“You want me to drive?” “Yes.” Christian grins. “That’s not too tight?” “It’s fine. Is that why you’re wearing a life jacket?” I arch my eyebrow. “Yes.” I can’t help my giggle. “Such confidence in my driving capabilities, Mr. Grey.” “As ever, Mrs. Grey.” “Well, don’t lecture me.” Christian holds his hands up in a defensive gesture, but he’s smiling. “Would I dare?” “Yes you would, and yes you do, and we can’t pull over and argue on the sidewalk here.” “Fair point well made, Mrs. Grey. Are we going to stand on this platform all day debating your driving skills or are we going to have some fun?” “Fair point well made, Mr. Grey.” I grasp the handlebars of the Jet Ski and clamber on. Christian climbs on behind me and kicks us away from the yacht. Taylor and two of the deckhands look on in amusement. Sliding forward, Christian wraps his arms around me and snuggles his thighs against mine. Yes, this is what I like about this form of transport. I insert in the ignition key and push the start button, and the engine roars into life. “Ready?” I shout to Christian over the noise. “As I’ll ever be,” he says, his mouth close to my ear. Gently, I pull on the lever and the Jet Ski moves away from the Fair Lady, far too sedately for my liking. Christian tightens his embrace. I pull on the gas some more, and we shoot forward and I’m delighted when we don’t stall. “Whoa!” Christian calls from behind, but the exhilaration in his voice is palpable. I speed past the Fair Lady toward the open sea. We’re anchored outside the Port de Plaisance de Saint-Claude-duVar, and Nice Côte d’Azur Airport is nestled in the distance, built into the Mediterranean, or so it seems. I’ve heard the odd plane landing since we arrived last night. I decide we need to take a closer look. We shoot toward it, skipping rapidly over the waves. I love this, and I’m thrilled Christian’s letting me drive. All the worry I’ve felt over the past two days melts away as we skim toward the airport. “Next time we do this we’ll have two Jet Skis,” Christian shouts. I grin because the thought of racing him is thrilling. As we zoom over the cool blue sea toward what looks like the end of the runway, the thundering roar of a jet overhead suddenly startles me as it comes in to land. It’s so loud I panic, swerving and hitting the throttle at the same time, mistaking it for a brake. “Ana!” Christian shouts, but it’s too late. I’m catapulted off the side of the Jet Ski, arms and legs flailing, taking Christian with me in a spectacular splash. Screaming, I plunge into the crystal blue sea and swallow a nasty mouthful of the Mediterranean. The water is cold this far from the shore, but I surface within a split second, courtesy of my life jacket. Coughing and spluttering, I wipe the seawater from my eyes and look around for Christian. He’s already swimming toward me. The Jet Ski floats inoffensively a few feet away from us, its engine silent. “You okay?” His eyes are full of panic, as he reaches me. “Yes,” I croak, but I cannot contain my elation. See, Christian? That’s the worst that can happen on a Jet Ski! He pulls me into his embrace, then grabs my head between his hands, examining my face closely. “See, that wasn’t so bad!” I grin as we tread water.
Eventually he smirks at me, obviously relieved. “No, I guess it wasn’t. Except I’m wet,” he grumbles, but his tone is playful. “I’m wet, too.” “I like you wet.” He leers. “Christian!” I scold, trying for faux righteous indignation. He grins, looking gorgeous, then leans in and kisses me hard. When he pulls away, I’m breathless. His eyes are darker, hooded and heated, and I’m warm in spite of the cold water. “Come. Let’s head back. Now we have to shower. I’ll drive.” We laze in the British Airways first class lounge at Heathrow in London, waiting for our connecting flight to Seattle. Christian is engrossed in the Financial Times. I pull out his camera, wanting to take some photographs of him. He looks so sexy in his trademark white linen shirt and jeans, and his aviator specs tucked into the V of his open shirt. The flash disturbs him. He blinks up at me and smiles his shy smile. “How are you, Mrs. Grey?” he asks. “Sad to be going home,” I murmur. “I like having you to myself.” He clasps my hand and lifting it to his lips, grazes my knuckles with a sweet kiss. “Me too.” “But?” I ask, hearing that small word unsaid at the end of his simple statement. He frowns. “But?” he repeats disingenuously. I tilt my head to one side, gazing at him with the tell me expression I have been perfecting over the last couple of days. He sighs, putting his newspaper down. “I want this arsonist caught and out of our lives.” “Oh.” That seems fair enough, but I’m surprised by his bluntness. “I’ll have Welch’s balls on a platter if he lets anything like that happen again.” A shiver runs down my spine at his menacing tone. He gazes at me impassively, and I don’t know if he’s daring me to be flippant or what. I do the only thing I can think of to ease the sudden tension between us and raise the camera and snap another photograph. “Hey, sleepyhead, we’re home,” Christian murmurs. “Hmm,” I mumble, reluctant to leave my tantalizing dream of Christian and me on a picnic blanket at Kew Gardens. I am so tired. Travelling is exhausting, even in first class. We’ve been up for more than eighteen hours straight, I think—in my fatigue I’ve lost track. I hear my door open, and Christian is leaning over me. He unbuckles my seat belt and lifts me into his arms, waking me. “Hey, I can walk,” I protest sleepily. He snorts. “I need to carry you over the threshold.” I put my arms around his neck. “Up all thirty floors?” I give him a challenging smile. “Mrs. Grey, I am very pleased to announce that you’ve put on some weight.” “What?” He grins. “So if you don’t mind, we’ll use the elevator.” He narrows his eyes at me, though I know he’s teasing.
Taylor opens the doors to the Escala lobby and smiles. “Welcome home Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey.” “Thanks, Taylor,” says Christian. I give Taylor the briefest of smiles and watch him head back to the Audi where Sawyer waits at the wheel. “What do you mean I’ve put on weight?” I glare at Christian. His grin broadens, and he clasps me closer to his chest as he carries me across the lobby. “Not much,” he assures me but his face darkens suddenly. “What is it?” I try to keep the alarm in my voice under control. “You’ve put on some of the weight you lost when you left me,” he says quietly as he summons the elevator. A bleak expression crosses his face. His sudden, surprising anguish tugs at my heart. “Hey.” I curl my fingers around his face and into his hair, pulling him toward me. “If I hadn’t gone, would you be standing here, like this, now?” His eyes melt, the color of a storm cloud, and he smiles his shy smile, my favorite smile. “No,” he says and steps into the elevator still holding me. He leans down and kisses me gently. “No, Mrs. Grey, I wouldn’t. But I would know I could keep you safe, because you wouldn’t defy me.” He sounds vaguely regretful . . . Shit. “I like defying you.” I test the waters. “I know. And it’s made me so . . . happy.” He smiles down at me through his bemusement. Oh, thank heavens. “Even though I’m fat?” I whisper. He laughs. “Even though you’re fat.” He kisses me again, more heated this time, and I fist my fingers in his hair, holding him against me, our tongues twisting in a slow sensual dance with each other. When the elevator pings to a halt at the penthouse, we are both breathless. “Very happy,” he murmurs. His smile is darker now, his eyes hooded and full of salacious promise. He shakes his head as if to recover himself and carries me into the foyer. “Welcome home, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses me again, more chastely this time, and gives me the patented-Christian-Grey-full-gigawatt smile, his eyes dancing with joy. “Welcome home, Mr. Grey.” I beam, my heart answering his call, brimming with my own joy. I think Christian’s going to put me down, but he doesn’t. He carries me through the foyer, across the corridor, into the great room, and deposits me on the kitchen island where I sit with my legs dangling. He retrieves two champagne flutes from the kitchen cupboard and a bottle of chilled champagne from the fridge—our favorite Bollinger. He deftly opens the bottle, not spilling a drop, pours the pale pink champagne into each glass, and hands one to me. Taking up the other, he gently parts my legs and moves forward to stand between them. “Here’s to us, Mrs. Grey.” “To us, Mr. Grey,” I whisper conscious of my shy smile. We clink glasses and take a sip. “I know you’re tired,” he whispers, rubbing his nose against mine. “But I’d really like to go to bed . . . and not to sleep.” He kisses the corner of my mouth. “It’s our first night back here, and you’re really mine.” His voice drifts off as he plants soft kisses down my throat. It’s early evening in Seattle, and I am dog-tired, but desire blooms deep in my belly and my inner goddess purrs. Christian is slumbering peacefully beside me as I stare at the pink and golden streaks of the new dawn through the vast windows. His arm is draped loosely over my breasts, and I try to match his breathing in an effort to get back to sleep, but it’s hopeless. I’m wide-awake, my body clock on Greenwich mean time, my mind racing. So much has happened in the last three weeks—who am I kidding, the last three months—that I
feel that my feet haven’t touched the ground. And now here I am, Mrs. Anastasia Grey, married to the most delicious, sexy, philanthropic, absurdly wealthy mogul a woman could meet. How did this all happen so fast? I shift onto my side to gaze at him, appraising his beauty. I know he watches me sleep, but I rarely get the opportunity to repay the compliment. He looks so young and carefree in his sleep, his long lashes fanned against his cheek, a light smattering of stubble covering his jaw, and his sculptured lips slightly parted, relaxed as he breathes deeply. I want to kiss him, to push my tongue between his lips, run my fingers over his soft yet prickly stubble. I really have to fight the urge not to touch him, not to disturb him. Hmm . . . I could just tease his earlobe with my teeth and suck. My subconscious glares up at me over her half-moon spectacles, distracted from volume two of the Complete Works of Charles Dickens, and mentally chastises me. Leave the poor man alone, Ana. I am back to work on Monday. We have today to reacclimatize, then we’re back into our routine. It will be odd not seeing Christian for a whole day after spending almost every minute together for the last three weeks. I lie back and stare at the ceiling. One would think that spending so much time together would be suffocating, but that’s just not the case. I’ve loved each and every minute, even our fighting. Every minute . . . except the news of the fire at Grey House. My blood chills. Who could want to harm Christian? My mind gnaws at this mystery again. Someone in his business? An ex? A disgruntled employee? I have no idea, and Christian remains tight-lipped about it all, drip feeding me the minimum information he can get away with in a bid to protect me. I sigh. My shining white-and-dark knight always trying to protect me. How am I going to make him open up more? He stirs and I still, not wanting to wake him, but it has the opposite effect. Damn! Two bright eyes gaze at me. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing. Go back to sleep.” I try my reassuring smile. He stretches, rubs his face, and then grins at me. “Jet lag?” he asks. “Is that what this is? I can’t sleep.” “I have the universal panacea right here, just for you, baby.” He grins like a schoolboy, making me roll my eyes and giggle at the same time. And just like that my dark thoughts are swept aside and my teeth find his earlobe. Christian and I cruise north on the I-5 toward the 520 bridge in the Audi R8. We are going to have lunch at his parents’, a welcome-home Sunday lunch. All the family will be there, plus Kate and Ethan. It will be strange to be in so much company when we’ve been on our own all this time. I haven’t had an opportunity to talk to Christian most of the morning. He was holed up in his study while I unpacked. He said I didn’t have to, that Mrs. Jones would do it. But that’s something else I need to get used to—having domestic help. I run my fingers absentmindedly over the leather upholstery of the door to distract my wandering thoughts. I feel out of sorts. Is it the jet lag? The arson? “Would you let me drive this?” I ask, surprised that I say the words out loud. “Of course,” Christian replies, smiling. “What’s mine is yours. If you dent it, though, I will take you into the Red Room of Pain.” He glances swiftly at me with a malicious grin. Shit! I gape at him. Is this a joke? “You’re kidding. You’d punish me for denting your car? You love your car more than you love
me?” I tease. “It’s close,” he says and reaches across to squeeze my knee. “But she doesn’t keep me warm at night.” “I’m sure it could be arranged. You could sleep in her,” I snap. Christian laughs. “We haven’t been home one day and you’re kicking me out already?” He seems delighted. I gaze at him and he gives me a face-splitting grin, and although I want to be mad at him, it’s impossible when he’s in this kind of mood. Now that I think about it, he’s been in a better frame of mind ever since he left his study this morning. And it dawns on me that I’m being petulant because we have to go back to reality, and I don’t know if he’s going to revert to the more closed prehoneymoon Christian, or if I’ll get to keep the new improved version. “Why are you so pleased?” I ask. He flashes yet another grin at me. “Because this conversation is so . . . normal.” “Normal!” I snort. “Not after three weeks of marriage! Surely.” His smile slips. “I’m kidding, Christian,” I mutter quickly, not wanting to kill his mood. It strikes me how unsure he is of himself sometimes. I suspect that he’s always been like this, but has just hidden his uncertainty beneath an intimidating exterior. He’s very easy to tease, probably because he’s not used to it. It’s a revelation, and I marvel again that we still have so much to learn about each other. “Don’t worry, I’ll stick to the Saab,” I mutter and turn to stare out of the window, trying to shake off my bad mood. “Hey. What’s wrong?” “Nothing.” “You’re so frustrating sometimes, Ana. Tell me.” I turn and smirk at him. “Back at you, Grey.” He frowns. “I’m trying,” he says softly. “I know. Me too.” I smile and my mood brightens a little. Carrick looks ridiculous in his chef’s hat and Licensed to Grill apron as he stands at the barbecue. Every time I look at him, it makes me smile. In fact, my spirits have lifted considerably. We are all sitting around the table on the terrace of the Grey family home, enjoying the late summer sun. Grace and Mia are setting various salads out on the table, while Elliot and Christian trade friendly insults and discuss plans for the new house, and Ethan and Kate grill me about our honeymoon. Christian keeps hold of my hand, his fingers toying with my wedding and engagement rings. “So if you can get the plans finalized with Gia, I have a window September through to midNovember and can get the whole crew on it,” Elliot says as he stretches and drops an arm around Kate’s shoulder, making her smile. “Gia is due to come over to discuss the plans tomorrow evening,” replies Christian. “I hope we can finalize everything then.” He turns and looks expectantly at me. Oh . . . this is news. “Sure.” I smile at him, mostly for the benefit of his family, but my spirits take a nosedive again. Why does he make these decisions without telling me? Or is it the thought of Gia—all lush hips, full breasts, expensive designer clothes, and perfume—smiling too provocatively at my husband? My subconscious glares at me. He’s given you no reason to be jealous. Shit, I am up and down today. What’s wrong with me? “Ana,” Kate exclaims, snapping me out of my reverie. “You still in the South of France?”
“Yes,” I reply with a smile. “You look so well,” she says, though she frowns as she says it. “You both do.” Grace beams while Elliot refills our glasses. “To the happy couple.” Carrick grins and raises his glass, and everyone around the table echoes the sentiment. “And congratulations to Ethan for getting into the psych program at Seattle,” chips in Mia proudly. She gives him an adoring smile, and Ethan smirks at her. I wonder idly if she’s made any headway with him. It’s difficult to tell. I listen to the banter around the table. Christian is running through our extensive itinerary over the last three weeks, embellishing here and there. He sounds relaxed and in control, the worry of the arsonist forgotten. I, on the other hand, don’t seem to be able to shake my mood. I pick at my food. Christian said I was fat yesterday. He was joking! My subconscious glares at me again. Elliot accidentally knocks his glass onto the terrace, startling everyone, and there’s a sudden flurry of activity to get it cleaned up. “I am going to take you to the boathouse and finally spank you in there if you don’t snap out of this mood,” Christian whispers to me. I gasp with shock, turn, and gape at him. What? Is he teasing me? “You wouldn’t dare!” I growl at him and from deep inside I feel a familiar, welcome excitement. He cocks an eyebrow at me. Of course he would. I glance quickly at Kate across the table. She’s watching us with interest. I turn back to Christian, narrowing my eyes at him. “You’d have to catch me first—and I’m wearing flats,” I hiss. “I’d have fun trying,” he whispers with a licentious grin, and I think he’s joking.I blush. Confusingly, I feel better. As we finish our dessert of strawberries and cream, the heavens open and unexpectedly soak us. We all leap up to clear the plates and glasses from the table, depositing them in the kitchen. “Good thing the weather held off till we finished,” Grace says pleased, as we drift into the back room den. Christian sits down at the shiny black upright piano, presses the quiet pedal, and starts to play a familiar tune that I can’t immediately place. Grace asks me for my impressions of Saint Paul de Vence. She and Carrick went years ago during their honeymoon, and it occurs to me that this is a good omen, seeing how happy they are together now. Kate and Elliot are cuddling on one of the large overstuffed couches, while Ethan, Mia, and Carrick are deep in a conversation about psychology, I think. Suddenly, as one, all the Greys stop talking and gape at Christian. What? Christian is singing softly to himself at the piano. Silence descends on us all as we strain to hear his soft, lyrical voice. I’ve heard him sing before, haven’t they? He stops, suddenly conscious of the deathly hush that’s fallen over the room. Kate glances questioningly at me and I shrug. Christian turns on the stool and frowns, embarrassed to realize he’s become the center of attention. “Go on,” Grace urges softly. “I’ve never heard you sing, Christian. Ever.” She stares at him in wonder. He sits on the piano stool, looking absently at her, and after a beat, he shrugs. His eyes flicker nervously to me, then over to the French windows. The rest of the room suddenly erupts in self-conscious chatter, and I’m left watching my dear husband. Grace distracts me, grasping my hands then suddenly folding me in her arms. “Oh, darling girl! Thank you, thank you,” she whispers, so only I can hear. It brings a lump to my throat.
“Um . . .” I hug her back, not really sure why I am being thanked. Grace smiles, her eyes shining, and kisses my cheek. Oh my . . . What have I done? “I am going to make some tea,” she says, her voice hoarse with unshed tears. I amble over to Christian who is now standing, staring out through the French windows. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi.” He puts his arm around my waist, pulling me to him, and I slip my hand into the back pocket of his jeans. We gaze out at the rain. “Feeling better?” I nod. “Good.” “You certainly know how to silence a room.” “I do it all the time,” he says and he grins at me. “At work, yes, but not here.” “True, not here.” “No one’s ever heard you sing? Ever?” “It appears not,” he says dryly. “Shall we go?” I gaze up at him, trying to gauge his mood. His eyes are soft and warm and slightly bemused. I decide to change the subject. “You going to spank me?” I whisper, and suddenly there are butterflies in my stomach. Perhaps this is what I need . . . this is what I have been missing. He gazes down at me, his eyes darkening. “I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m more than happy to play.” I glance nervously around the large room, but we are out of earshot. “Only if you misbehave, Mrs. Grey.” He bends and murmurs in my ear. How can he put so much sensual promise into six words? “I’ll see what I can do.” I grin. Once we’ve said our good-byes, we walk over to the car. “Here.” Christian throws me the keys to the R8. “Don’t bend it”—he adds in all seriousness—“or I will be fucking pissed.” My mouth goes dry. He’s letting me drive his car? My inner goddess whips on her leather driving gloves and flat shoes. Oh yes! she cries. “Are you sure?” I mouth, stunned. “Yes, before I change my mind.” I don’t think I have ever grinned so hard. He rolls his eyes and opens the driver’s door so that I can climb in. I start the engine before he’s even reached the passenger side, and he jumps in quickly. “Eager, Mrs. Grey?” he asks with a wry smile. “Very.” Slowly, I ease the car backward and turn it in the driveway. I manage not to stall it, surprising myself. Boy, is the clutch sensitive. Carefully navigating the driveway, I glance in my rearview mirror and see Sawyer and Ryan climb into the Audi SUV I had no idea our security had followed us here. I . pause before I set out onto the main road. “You’re sure about this?” “Yes,” Christian says tightly, telling me he’s not sure about this at all. Oh, my poor, poor Fifty . I want to laugh at both him and myself because I’m nervous and excited. A small part of me wants to
lose Sawyer and Ryan just for the kicks. I check for traffic then inch the R8 out onto the road. Christian curls up with tension and I can’t resist. The road is clear. I put my foot down on the gas and we shoot forward. “Whoa! Ana!” Christian shouts. “Slow down—you’ll kill us both.” I immediately ease off the gas. Wow, can this car move! “Sorry,” I mutter, trying to sound contrite and failing miserably. Christian smirks at me, to hide his relief, I think. “Well, that counts as misbehaving,” he says casually and I slow right down. I glance in the rearview mirror. No sign of the Audi, just a solitary dark car with tinted windows behind us. I imagine Sawyer and Ryan flustered, frantic to catch up, and for some reason this gives me a thrill. But not wanting to give my dear husband a coronary, I decide to behave and drive steadily with growing confidence toward the 520 bridge. Suddenly, Christian swears and struggles to pull his BlackBerry from the pocket of his jeans. “What?” he snaps angrily at whoever it is on the other end of the line. “No.” he says and glances behind us. “Yes. She is.” I briefly check the rearview mirror, but I don’t see anything odd, just a few cars behind us. The SUV is about four cars back, and we’re all cruising at an even pace. “I see.” Christian sighs long and hard and rubs his forehead with his fingers, tension radiates off him. Something’s wrong. “Yes . . . I don’t know.” He glances at me and lowers the phone from his ear. “We’re fine. Keep going,” he says calmly, smiling at me, but the smile doesn’t touch his eyes. Shit! Adrenaline spikes through my system. He picks the phone up again. “Okay on the 520. As soon as we hit it . . . Yes . . . I will.” He slots the phone into the speaker cradle, putting it on hands-free. “What’s wrong, Christian?” “Just look where you’re going, baby,” he says softly. I’m heading for the on-ramp of the 520 in the direction of Seattle. When I glance at Christian, he’s staring straight ahead. “I don’t want you to panic,” he says calmly. “But as soon as we’re on the 520 proper, I want you to step on the gas. We’re being followed.” Followed! Holy shit. My heart lurches into my mouth, pounding, my scalp prickles and my throat constricts with panic. Followed by whom? My eyes dart to the rearview mirror and, sure enough, the dark car I saw earlier is still behind us. Fuck! Is that it? I squint through the tinted windshield to see who’s driving, but I see nothing. “Keep your eyes on the road, baby,” Christian says gently, not in the truculent tone he normally uses where my driving is concerned. Get a grip! I mentally slap myself to subdue the dread that’s threatening to swamp me. Suppose whoever’s following us is armed? Armed and after Christian! Shit! I’m hit by a wave of nausea. “How do we know we’re being followed?” My voice is a breathy, squeaky, whisper. “The Dodge behind us has false license plates.” How does he know that? I signal as we approach the 520 from the on-ramp. It’s late afternoon, and although the rain has stopped, the roadway is wet. Fortunately, the traffic is reasonably light. Ray’s voice echoes in my head from one of his many self-defense lectures. “It’s the panic that’s gonna kill you or get you seriously hurt, Annie.” I take a deep breath, trying to bring my breathing
under control. Whoever is following us is after Christian. As I take another deep steadying breath, my mind begins to clear and my stomach settles. I have to keep Christian safe. I wanted to drive this car, and I wanted to drive it fast. Well, here’s my chance. I grip the steering wheel and take a final glance in my rearview mirror. The Dodge is closing on us. I slow right down, ignoring Christian’s sudden panicked glance at me, and time my entrance on to the 520 so that the Dodge has to slow and stop to wait for a gap in the traffic. I drop a gear and floor it. The R8 shoots forward, slamming us both into the backs of our seats. The speedometer whips up to seventy-five miles per hour. “Steady, baby,” Christian says calmly, though I’m sure he’s anything but calm. I weave between the two lines of traffic like a black counter in a game of checkers, effectively jumping the cars and trucks. We’re so close to the lake on this bridge, it’s as if we’re driving on the water. I studiously ignore the angry, disapproving looks from other drivers. Christian clutches his hands together in his lap, keeping as still as possible, and in spite of my fevered thoughts, I wonder vaguely if he’s doing it so he doesn’t distract me. “Good girl,” he breathes in encouragement. He glances behind him. “I can’t see the Dodge.” “We’re right behind the unsub, Mr. Grey.” Sawyer’s voice comes through the hands-free. “He’s trying to catch up with you, sir. We’re going to try and come alongside, put ourselves between your car and the Dodge.” Unsub? What does that mean? “Good. Mrs. Grey is doing well. At this rate, provided the traffic remains light—and from what I can see it is—we’ll be off the bridge in a few minutes.” “Sir.” We flash past the bridge control tower, and I know we’re half way across Lake Washington. When I check my speed, I’m still doing seventy-five. “You’re doing really well, Ana,” Christian murmurs again as he gazes out the back of the R8. For a fleeting moment, his tone reminds me of our first encounter in his playroom when he patiently encouraged me through our first scene. The thought is distracting, and I dismiss it immediately. “Where am I headed?” I ask, moderately calmer. I have the feel of the car now. It’s a joy to drive, so quiet and easy to handle it’s hard to believe how fast we are going. Driving at this speed in this car is easy. “Mrs. Grey, head for I-5 and then south. We want to see if the Dodge follows you all the way,” Sawyer says over the hands-free. The traffic lights on the bridge are green—thank heavens—and I race onward. I glance nervously at Christian, and he smiles reassuringly. Then his face falls. “Shit!” he swears softly. There is a line of traffic ahead as we come off the bridge, and I have to slow. Glancing anxiously in the mirror once more, I think I spot the Dodge. “Ten or so cars back?” “Yeah, I see it,” Christian says, peering through the narrow rear window. “I wonder who the fuck it is?” “Me too. Do we know if it’s a man driving?” I blurt out toward the cradled BlackBerry. “No, Mrs. Grey. Could be a man or woman. The tint is too dark.” “A woman?” Christian says. I shrug. “Your Mrs. Robinson?” I suggest, not taking my eyes off the road. Christian stiffens and lifts the BlackBerry out of its cradle. “She’s not my Mrs. Robinson,” he
growls. “I haven’t spoken to her since my birthday. And Elena wouldn’t do this. It’s not her style.” “Leila?” “She’s in Connecticut with her parents. I told you.” “Are you sure?” He pauses. “No. But if she’d absconded, I’m sure her folks would have let Flynn know. Let’s discuss this when we’re home. Concentrate on what you’re doing.” “But it might just be some random car.” “I’m not taking any risks. Not where you’re concerned,” he snaps. He replaces the BlackBerry in its cradle so we’re back in contact with our security team. Oh shit. I don’t want to rattle Christian right now . . . later maybe. I hold my tongue. Fortunately, the traffic is thinning a little. I am able to speed over the Mountlake intersection toward the I-5, weaving through the cars again. “What if we get stopped by the cops?” I ask. “That would be a good thing.” “Not for my license.” “Don’t worry about that,” he says. Unexpectedly, I hear humor in his voice. I put my foot down again, and hit seventy-five. Boy, this car can move. I love it—she’s so easy. I touch eighty-five. I don’t think I have ever driven this fast. I was lucky if my Beetle ever hit fifty miles an hour. “He’s cleared the traffic and picked up speed.” Sawyer’s disembodied voice is calm and informative. “He’s doing ninety.” Shit! Faster! I press down on the gas and the car purrs to ninety-five miles per hour as we approach the I-5 intersection. “Keep it up, Ana,” Christian murmurs. I slow momentarily as we glide onto the I-5. The interstate is fairly quiet, and I’m able to cross straight over to the fast lane in a split second. As I put my foot down, the glorious R8 zooms forward, and we tear down the left lane, lesser mortals pulling over to let us pass. If I wasn’t so frightened, I might really enjoy this. “He’s hit one hundred miles per hour, sir.” “Stay with him, Luke,” Christian barks at Sawyer. Luke? A truck lurches into the fast lane—Shit!—and I have to slam on the brakes. “Fucking idiot!” Christian curses the driver as we lurch forward in our seats. I am grateful for our seatbelts. “Go around him, baby,” Christian says through clenched teeth. I check my mirrors and cut right across three lanes. We speed past the slower vehicles and then cut back to the fast lane. “Nice move, Mrs. Grey,” Christian murmurs appreciatively. “Where are the cops when you need them?” “I don’t want a ticket, Christian,” I mutter, concentrating on the highway ahead. “Have you had a speeding ticket driving this?” “No,” he says, but glancing quickly at him, I can see his smirk. “Have you been stopped?” “Yes.” “Oh.” “Charm, Mrs. Grey. It all comes down to charm. Now concentrate. Where’s the Dodge, Sawyer?”
“He’s just hit one hundred and ten, sir.” Sawyer says. Holy fuck! My heart leaps once more into my mouth. Can I drive any faster? I push my foot down once more and streak past the traffic. “Flash the headlights,” Christian orders when a Ford Mustang won’t move. “But that would make me an asshole.” “So be an asshole!” he snaps. Jeez. Okay! “Um, where are the headlights?” “The indicator. Pull it toward you.” I do it, and the Mustang moves aside though not before the driver waves his finger at me in a nonetoo-complimentary manner. I zoom past him. “He’s the asshole,” Christian says under his breath, then barks at me, “get off on Stewart.” Yes sir! “We’re taking the Stewart Street exit,” Christian says to Sawyer. “Head straight to Escala, sir.” I slow, check my mirrors, signal, then move with surprising ease across four lanes of the highway and down the off-ramp. Merging onto Stewart Street, we head south. The street is quiet, with few vehicles. Where is everyone? “We’ve been damned lucky with the traffic. But that means the Dodge has, too. Don’t slow down, Ana. Get us home.” “I can’t remember the way,” I mutter, panicked by the fact the Dodge is still on our tail. “Head south on Stewart. Keep going until I tell you when.” Christian sounds anxious again. I zoom past three blocks but the lights change to yellow on Yale Avenue. “Run them, Ana,” Christian shouts. I jump so hard I floor the gas pedal, throwing us both back in our seats, speeding through the now red light. “He’s taking Stewart,” Sawyer says. “Stay with him, Luke.” “Luke?” “That’s his name.” A quick glance and I can see Christian glaring at me as if I’m crazy. “Eyes on the road!” he snaps. I ignore his tone. “Luke Sawyer.” “Yes!” He sounds exasperated. “Ah.” How did I not know this? The man has been following me to work for the last six weeks, and I didn’t even know his first name. “That’s me, ma’am,” Sawyer says, startling me, though he’s speaking in the calm, monotone voice he always uses. “The unsub is heading down Stewart, sir. He’s really picking up speed.” “Go, Ana. Less of the fucking chitchat,” Christian growls. “We’re stopped at the first light on Stewart.” Sawyer informs us. “Ana—quick—in here,” Christian shouts, pointing to a parking lot on the south side of Boren Avenue. I turn, the tires screeching in protest as I swerve into the crowded lot. “Drive around. Quick,” Christian orders. I drive as fast as I can to the back, out of sight of the street. “In there.” Christian points to a space. Shit! He wants me to park it. Crap! “Just fucking do it,” he says. So I do . . . perfectly. Probably the only time I have ever parked perfectly. “We’re hidden in the parking lot between Stewart and Boren,” Christian says into the BlackBerry. “Okay, sir.” Sawyer sounds irritated. “Stay where you are; we’ll follow the unsub.”
Christian turns to me, his eyes searching my face. “You okay?” “Sure,” I whisper. Christian smirks. “Whoever’s driving that Dodge can’t hear us, you know.” And I laugh. “We’re passing Stewart and Boren now, sir. I see the lot. He’s gone straight past you, sir.” Both of us sag simultaneously with relief. “Well done, Mrs. Grey. Good driving.” Christian gently strokes my face with his fingertips, and I jump at the contact, inhaling deeply. I had no idea I was holding my breath. “Does this mean you’ll stop complaining about my driving?” I ask. He laughs—a loud cathartic laugh. “I wouldn’t go so far as to say that.” “Thank you for letting me drive your car. Under such exciting circumstances, too.” I try desperately to keep my voice light. “Maybe I should drive now.” “To be honest, I don’t think I can climb out right now to let you sit here. My legs feel like Jell-O.” Suddenly I’m shuddering and shaking. “It’s the adrenaline, baby,” he says. “You did amazingly well, as usual. You blow me away, Ana. You never let me down.” He touches my cheek tenderly with the back of his hand, his face full of love, fear, regret—so many emotions at once—and his words are my undoing. Overwhelmed, a strangled sob escapes from my constricted throat, and I start to cry. “No, baby, no. Please don’t cry.” He reaches over and, despite the limited space we have, pulls me over the handbrake console to cradle me in his lap. Smoothing my hair off my face, he kisses my eyes, then my cheeks, and I curl my arms around him and sob quietly into his neck. He buries his nose in my hair and wraps me in his arms, holding me tight and we sit, neither of us saying anything, just holding each other. Sawyer’s voice startles us. “The unsub has slowed outside Escala. He’s casing the joint.” “Follow him,” Christian snaps. I wipe my nose on the back of my hand and take a deep steadying breath. “Use my shirt.” Christian kisses my temple. “Sorry,” I mutter, embarrassed by my crying. “What for? Don’t be.” I wipe my nose again. He tips my chin up and plants a gentle kiss on my lips. “Your lips are so soft when you cry, my beautiful, brave girl,” he whispers. “Kiss me again.” Christian stills, one hand on my back, the other on my behind. “Kiss me,” I breathe, and I watch his lips part as he inhales sharply. Leaning across me, he takes the BlackBerry out of its cradle, and tosses it onto the driver’s seat beside my sandaled feet. Then his mouth is on me as he moves his right hand into my hair, holding me in place, and lifts his left to cradle my face. His tongue invades my mouth, and I welcome it. Adrenaline turns to lust streaking through my body. I clasp his face, running my fingers over his sideburns, relishing the taste of him. He groans at my fevered response, low and deep in his throat, and my belly tightens swift and hard with carnal desire. His hand moves down my body, brushing my breast, my waist, and down to my backside. I shift fractionally. “Ah!” he says and breaks away from me, breathless. “What?” I mutter against his lips.
“Ana, we’re in a car lot in Seattle.” “So?” “Well, right now I want to fuck you, and you’re shifting around on me . . . it’s uncomfortable.” My craving spirals out of control at his words, tightening all my muscles below my waist once more. “Fuck me then.” I kiss the corner of his mouth. I want him. Now. That car chase was exciting. Too exciting. Terrifying . . . and the fear has jump-started my libido. He leans back to gaze at me, his eyes dark and hooded. “Here?” His voice is husky. My mouth goes dry. How can he turn me on with one word? “Yes. I want you. Now.” He tilts his head to one side and stares at me for a few moments. “Mrs. Grey, how very brazen,” he whispers, after what feels like an eternity. His hand tightens around my hair at my nape, holding me firmly in place, and his mouth is on mine again, more forcefully this time. His other hand skims down my body, down over my behind and lower still to my mid-thigh. My fingers curl into his overlong hair. “I’m so glad you’re wearing a skirt,” he murmurs as he slips his hand beneath my blue and white patterned skirt to caress my thigh. I squirm once more on his lap and the air hisses between his teeth. “Keep still,” he growls. He cups my sex with his hand, and I still immediately. His thumb brushes over my clitoris, and my breath catches in my throat as pleasure jolts like electricity deep, deep, deep inside me. “Still,” he whispers. He kisses me once more as his thumb circles gently around me through the sheer fine lace of my designer underwear. Slowly he eases two fingers passed my panties and inside me. I groan and flex my hips toward his hand. “Please,” I whisper. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. You’re so ready,” he says, sliding his fingers in and out, tortuously slowly. “Do car chases turn you on?” “You turn me on.” He smiles a wolfish grin and withdraws his fingers suddenly, leaving me wanting. He scoops his arm under my knees and, taking me by surprise, he lifts me and swings me around to face the windshield. “Place your legs either side of mine,” he orders, putting his legs together in the middle of the footwell. I do as I’m told, placing my feet on the floor on either side of his. He runs his hands down my thighs, then back, pulling up my skirt. “Hands on my knees, baby. Lean forward. Lift that glorious ass in the air. Mind your head.” Shit! We really are going to do this, in a public parking lot. I quickly scan the area in front of us and see no one, but feel a thrill coursing through me. I’m in a public lot! This is so hot! Christian shifts beneath me, and I hear the telltale sound of his zipper. Putting one arm around my waist and with his other hand tugging my lacy panties sideways, he impales me in one swift move. “Ah!” I cry out, grinding down on him, and his breath hisses through his teeth. His arm snakes around me up to my neck and he grasps me under my chin. His hand spreads across my neck, pulling me back and tilting my head to one side so he can kiss my throat. His other hand grips my hip and together we start to move. I push up with my feet, and he tilts himself into me—in and out. The sensation is . . . I groan loudly. It’s so deep this way. My left hand curls around the hand brake, my right hand braced against my door. His teeth graze my earlobe and he tugs—it’s almost painful. He bucks again and again into me. I rise
and fall, and as we establish a rhythm, he moves his hand around beneath my skirt to the apex of my thighs, and his fingers gently tease my clitoris through the sheer finery of my panties. “Ah!” “Be. Quick,” he breathes into my ear through gritted teeth, his hand still curled around my neck beneath my chin. “We need to do this quick, Ana.” And he increases the pressure of his fingers against my sex. “Ah!” I feel the familiar build of pleasure, bunching deep and thick inside me. “Come on, baby,” he rasps at my ear. “I want to hear you.” I moan again, and I am all sensation, my eyes tightly closed. His voice at my ear, his breath on my neck, pleasure radiating out from where his fingers tease my body and where he slams deep inside me, and I am lost. My body takes control, craving release. “Yes,” Christian hisses in my ear and I open my eyes briefly, staring wildly at the cloth roof of the R8, and I scrunch them closed again as I come around him. “Oh, Ana,” he murmurs in wonder, and he wraps his arms around me and rams into me one last time and stills as he climaxes deep inside. He runs his nose along my jaw and softly kisses my throat, my cheek, my temple as a lie on him, my head lolling against his neck. “Tension relieved, Mrs. Grey?” Christian closes his teeth around my earlobe again and tugs. My body is drained, totally exhausted, and I mewl. I feel his smile against me. “Certainly helped with mine,” he adds, shifting me off him. “Lost your voice?” “Yes,” I murmur. “Well aren’t you the wanton creature? I had no idea you were such an exhibitionist.” I sit up immediately, alarmed. He tenses. “No one’s watching are they?” I glance anxiously around the car lot. “Do you think I’d let anyone watch my wife come?” He strokes his hand down my back reassuringly, but the tone of his voice sends shivers down my spine. I turn to gaze at him and grin impishly. “Car sex!” I exclaim. He grins and tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. “Let’s head back. I’ll drive.” He opens the door to let me climb off his lap and out into the parking lot. When I glance down he’s quickly doing up his fly. He follows me out and then holds the door open for me to climb back in. Strolling quickly around to the driver’s side, he climbs in beside me, retrieves the BlackBerry, and makes a call. “Where’s Sawyer?” he snaps. “And the Dodge? How come Sawyer’s not with you?” He listens intently to Ryan, I assume. “Her?” he gasps. “Stick with her.” Christian hangs up and gazes at me. Her! The driver of the car? Who could that be—Elena? Leila? “The driver of the Dodge is female?” “So it would appear,” he says quietly. His mouth presses into a thin angry line. “Let’s get you home,” he mutters. He starts up the R8 with a roar and reverses smoothly out of the space. “Where’s the, er . . . unsub? What does that mean by the way? Sounds very BDSM.” Christian smiles briefly as he eases the car out of the lot and back onto Stewart Street. “It stands for Unknown Subject. Ryan is ex-FBI.” “Ex-FBI?” “Don’t ask.” Christian shakes his head. It’s obvious he’s deep in contemplation.
“Well, where is this female unsub?” “On the I-5, heading south.” He glances at me, his eyes grim. Jeez—from passionate to calm to anxious in the space of a few moments. I reach over and caress his thigh, running my fingers leisurely up the inside seam of his jeans, hoping to improve his mood. He takes his hand off the steering wheel and stops the slow ascent of my hand. “No,” he says. “We’ve made it this far. You don’t want me to have an accident three blocks from home.” He raises my hand to his lips and plants a cool kiss on my index finger to take the sting out of his rebuke. Cool, calm, authoritative . . . My Fifty. And for the first time in a while he makes me feel like a wayward child. I withdraw my hand and sit quietly for a moment. “Female?” “Apparently so.” He sighs, turns into the underground garage at Escala, and punches the access code into the security keypad. The gate swings open and he drives on, smoothly parking the R8 in its designated space. “I really like this car,” I murmur. “Me too. And I like how you handled it—and how you managed not to break it.” “You can buy me one for my birthday,” I smirk at him. Christian’s mouth drops open as I climb out of the car. “A white one, I think,” I add, leaning down and smirking at him. He smiles. “Anastasia Grey, you never cease to amaze me.” I shut the door and walk to the end of the car to wait for him. Gracefully he climbs out, watching me with that look . . . that look that calls to something deep inside me. I know this look well. Once he’s in front of me, he leans down and whispers, “You like the car. I like the car. I’ve fucked you in it . . . perhaps I should fuck you on it.” I gasp. And a sleek silver BMW pulls into the garage. Christian glances at it anxiously, then with annoyance and smirks down at me. “But it looks like we have company. Come.” He grabs my hand and heads for the garage elevator. He pushes the call button and as we wait, the driver of the BMW joins us. He’s young, casually dressed, with long, layered, dark hair. He looks like he works in the media. “Hi,” he says, smiling warmly at us. Christian puts his arm around me and nods politely. “I’ve just moved in. Apartment sixteen.” “Hello.” I return his smile. He has kind, soft brown eyes. The elevator arrives and we all walk in. Christian glances down at me, his expression unreadable. “You’re Christian Grey,” the young man says. Christian gives him a tight smile. “Noah Logan.” He holds out his hand. Reluctantly, Christian takes it. “Which floor?” Noah asks. “I have to input a code.” “Oh.” “Penthouse.” “Oh.” Noah smiles broadly. “Of course.” He presses the button for the eighth floor and the doors close. “Mrs. Grey, I presume.” “Yes.” I give him a polite smile and we shake hands. Noah flushes a little as he gazes at me a fraction too long. I mirror his flush and Christian’s arm tightens around me. “When did you move in?” I ask. “Last weekend. I love the place.”
There’s an awkward pause before the elevator stops at Noah’s floor. “Great to meet you both,” he says sounding relieved and steps out. The doors close silently behind him. Christian taps in the entry code and the elevator ascends again. “He seemed nice,” I murmur. “I’ve never met any of the neighbors before.” Christian scowls. “I prefer it that way.” “That’s because you’re a hermit. I thought he was pleasant enough.” “A hermit?” “Hermit. Stuck in your ivory tower,” I state matter-of-factly. Christian’s lips twitch with amusement. “Our ivory tower. And I think you have another name to add to the list of your admirers, Mrs. Grey.” I roll my eyes. “Christian, you think everyone is an admirer.” “Did you just roll your eyes at me?” My pulse quickens. “I sure did,” I whisper, my breath catching in my throat. He cocks his head to one side, wearing his smoldering, arrogant, amused expression. “What shall we do about that?” “Something rough.” He blinks to hide his surprise. “Rough?” “Please.” “You want more?” I nod slowly. The doors to the elevator open and we’re home. “How rough?” he breathes, his eyes darkening. I gaze at him, saying nothing. He closes his eyes for a moment, and then grabs my hand and hauls me into the foyer. When we burst through the double doors, Sawyer is standing in the hallway, looking expectantly at the two of us. “Sawyer, I’d like to be debriefed in an hour,” Christian says. “Yes, sir.” Turning, Sawyer heads back into Taylor’s office. We have an hour! Christian glances down at me. “Rough?” I nod. “Well, Mrs. Grey, you’re in luck. I’m taking requests today.”
“Do you have anything in mind?” Christian murmurs, pinning me with his bold gaze. I shrug, suddenly breathless and agitated. I don’t know if it’s the chase, the adrenaline, my earlier bad mood—I don’t understand, but I want this, and I want it badly. A puzzled expression flits across Christian’s face. “Kinky fuckery?” he asks, his words a soft caress. I nod, feeling my face flame. Why am I embarrassed by this? I have done all manner of kinky fuckery with this man. He’s my husband, damn it! Am I embarrassed because I want this and I’m ashamed to admit it? My subconscious glares at me. Stop overthinking. “Carte blanche?” He whispers the question, eyeing me speculatively as if he’s trying to read my mind. Carte blanche? Holy fuck—what will that entail? “Yes,” I murmur nervously, as excitement blooms deep inside me. He smiles a slow sexy smile. “Come,” he says and tugs me toward the stairs. His intention is clear. Playroom! My inner goddess wakes from her post-R8-sex slumber, wide-eyed and raring to go. At the top of the stairs, he releases my hand and unlocks the playroom door. The key is on the Yes Seattle keychain that I gave him not so long ago. “After you, Mrs. Grey,” he says and swings the door open. The playroom smells reassuringly familiar, of leather and wood and fresh polish. I blush, knowing that Mrs. Jones must have been in here cleaning while we were away on our honeymoon. As we enter, Christian switches on the lights and the dark red walls are illuminated with soft, diffused light. I stand gazing at him, anticipation running thick and heavy through my veins. What will he do? He locks the door and turns. Inclining his head to one side, he regards me thoughtfully and then shakes his head, amused. “What do you want, Anastasia?” he asks gently. “You.” My response is breathy. He smirks. “You’ve got me. You’ve had me since you fell into my office.” “Surprise me then, Mr. Grey.” His mouth twists with repressed humor and carnal promise. “As you wish, Mrs. Grey.” He folds his arms and raises one long index finger to his lips while he appraises me. “I think we’ll start by ridding you of your clothes.” He steps forward. Grasping the front of my short denim jacket, he opens it and pushes it over my shoulders so it falls to the floor. He clasps the hem of my black camisole.
“Lift your arms.” I obey, and he peels it off over my head. Leaning down, he plants a soft kiss on my lips, his eyes glowing with an alluring mix of lust and love. The camisole joins my jacket on the floor. “Here,” I whisper gazing nervously at him as I remove the hair tie from around my wrist and hold it up for him. He stills, and his eyes widen briefly but give nothing away. Finally, he takes the small band. “Turn around,” he orders. Relieved, I smile to myself and oblige immediately. Looks like we’ve overcome that little hurdle. He gathers my hair and braids it quickly and efficiently before fastening it with the tie. He tugs the braid, pulling my head back. “Good thinking, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers in my ear, then nips my earlobe. “Now turn around and take your skirt off. Let it fall to the floor.” He releases me and steps back as I turn to face him. Not taking my eyes off his, I unbutton the waistband of my skirt and ease the zipper down. The full skirt fans out and falls to the floor, pooling at my feet. “Step out from your skirt,” he orders. As I step toward him, he kneels swiftly down in front of me and grasps my right ankle. Deftly, he unbuckles my sandals one at a time while I lean forward, balancing myself with a hand on the wall under the pegs that used to hold all his whips, crops and paddles. The flogger and the riding crop are the only implements that remain. I eye them with curiosity. Will he use those? Having removed my shoes so I’m just in my lacy bra and panties, Christian sits back on his heels, gazing up at me. “You’re a fine sight, Mrs. Grey.” Suddenly he kneels up, grabs my hips and pulls me forward, burying his nose in the apex of my thighs. “And you smell of you and me and sex,” he says inhaling sharply. “It’s intoxicating.” He kisses me through my lace panties, while I gasp at his words —my insides liquefying. He’s just so . . . naughty. Gathering up my clothes and sandals, he stands in one swift, graceful move, like an athlete. “Go and stand beside the table,” he says calmly, pointing with his chin. Turning, he strides over to the museum chest of wonder. He glances back and smirks at me. “Face the wall,” he commands. “That way you won’t know what I’m planning. We aim to please, Mrs. Grey, and you wanted a surprise.” I turn away from him listening acutely—my ears suddenly sensitive to the slightest sound. He’s good at this—building my expectations, stoking my desire . . . making me wait. I hear him put my shoes down and, I think, my clothes on the chest, followed by the telltale clatter of his shoes as they drop to the floor, one at a time. Hmm . . . love barefoot Christian. A moment later, I hear him pull open a drawer. Toys! Oh, I love, love, love this anticipation. The drawer closes and my breathing spikes. How can the sound of a drawer render me a quivering mess? It makes no sense. The subtle hiss of the sound system coming to life tells me it’s going to be a musical interlude. A lone piano starts, muted and soft, and mournful chords fill the room. It’s not a tune I know. The piano is joined by an electric guitar. What is this? A man’s voice speaks and I can just make out the words, something about not being frightened of dying. Christian pads leisurely toward me, his bare feet slapping on the wooden floor. I sense him behind me as a woman starts to sing . . . wail . . . sing? “Rough, you say, Mrs. Grey?” he breathes in my left ear. “Hmm.” “You must tell me to stop if it’s too much. If you say stop, I will stop immediately. Do you
understand?” “Yes.” “I need your promise.” I inhale sharply. Shit, what is he going to do? “I promise,” I murmur breathless, recalling his words from earlier: I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m more than happy to play. “Good girl.” Leaning down, he plants a kiss on my naked shoulder then hooks a finger beneath my bra strap and traces a line across my back beneath the strap. I want to moan. How does he make the slightest touch so erotic? “Take it off,” he whispers at my ear, and hurriedly I oblige and let my bra fall to the floor. His hands skim down my back, and he hooks both of his thumbs into my panties and slides them down my legs. “Step,” he orders. Once more I do as I’m told, stepping out of my panties. He plants a kiss on my backside and stands. “I am going to blindfold you so that everything will be more intense.” He slips an airline eye mask over my eyes, and my world is plunged into the darkness. The woman singing moans incoherently . . . a haunting, heartfelt melody. “Bend down and lie flat on the table.” His words are softly spoken. “Now.” Without hesitation, I bend over the side of the table and rest my torso on the highly polished wood, my face flush against the hard surface. It’s cool against my skin and it smells vaguely of beeswax with a citrus tang. “Stretch your arms up and hold on to the edge.” Okay . . . Reaching forward, I clutch the far edge of the table. It’s quite wide, so my arms are fully extended. “If you let go, I will spank you. Do you understand?” “Yes.” “Do you want me to spank you, Anastasia?” Everything south of my waist tightens deliciously. I realize I’ve wanted this since he threatened me during lunch, and neither the car chase nor our subsequent intimate encounter has sated this need. “Yes.” My voice is a hoarse whisper. “Why?” Oh . . . do I have to have a reason? Jeez. I shrug. “Tell me,” he coaxes. “Um . . .” And from out of nowhere he smacks me hard. “Ah!” I cry out. “Hush now.” He gently rubs my behind where he’s hit me. Then he leans over me, his hips digging into my backside, plants a kiss between my shoulder blades and trails kisses across my back. He’s taken his shirt off, so his chest hair tickles my back, and his erection presses against me through the rough fabric of his jeans. “Open your legs,” he orders. I move my legs apart. “Wider.” I groan and spread my legs wider. “Good girl,” he breathes. He traces his finger down my back, along the crack between my buttocks,
and over my anus, which shrinks at his touch. “We’re going to have with some fun with this,” he whispers. Fuck! His finger continues down over my perineum and slowly slides into me. “I see you’re very wet, Anastasia. From earlier or from now?” I groan and he eases his finger in and out of me, over and over. I push back on his hand, relishing the intrusion. “Oh, Ana, I think it’s both. I think you love being here, like this. Mine.” I do—oh, I do. He withdraws his finger and smacks me hard once more. “Tell me,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and urgent. “Yes, I do,” I whimper. He smacks me hard once more so I cry out, then sticks two fingers inside me. He withdraws them immediately, spreading the moisture up over and around my anus. “What are you going to do?” I ask, breathless. Oh my . . . is he going to fuck my ass? “It’s not what you think,” he murmurs reassuringly. “I told you, one step at time with this, baby.” I hear the quiet spurt of some liquid, presumably from a tube, then his fingers are massaging me there again. Lubricating me . . . there! I squirm as my fear collides with my excitement of the unknown. He smacks me once more, lower, so he hits my sex. I groan. It feels . . . so good. “Keep still,” he says. “And don’t let go.” “Ah.” “This is lube.” He spreads some more on me. I try not to wriggle beneath him, but my heart is pounding, my pulse haywire, as desire and anxiety pump through me. “I have wanted to do this to you for some time now, Ana.” I groan. And I feel something cool, metallically cool, run down my spine. “I have a small present for you here,” Christian whispers. An image from our show-and-tell springs to mind. Holy cow. A butt plug. Christian runs it down the parting between my buttocks. Oh my. “I am going to push this inside you, very slowly.” I gasp, anticipation and anxiety charging through me. “Will it hurt?” “No, baby. It’s small. Once it’s inside you, I’m going to fuck you real hard.” I practically convulse. Bending over me, he kisses me once more between my shoulder blades. “Ready?” he whispers. Ready? Am I ready for this? “Yes,” I mutter quietly, my mouth dry. He runs another finger down past my ass and perineum and slips it inside me. Fuck, it’s his thumb. He cups my sex and his fingers gently caress my clitoris. I moan . . . it feels . . . good. And gently, while his fingers and thumb work their magic, he pushes the cold plug slowly into me. “Ah!” I groan loudly at the unfamiliar sensation, my muscles protesting at the intrusion. He circles his thumb inside me and pushes the plug harder, and it slips in easily, and I don’t know if it’s because I’m so turned on or if he’s distracted me with his expert fingers, but my body seems to accept it. It’s heavy . . . and strange . . . there! “Oh, baby.” And I can feel it . . . where his thumb swirls inside me . . . and the plug presses against . . . oh,
ah . . . He slowly twists the plug, eliciting a long drawn-out moan from me. “Christian,” I mumble, his name a garbled mantra, as I adjust to the sensation. “Good girl,” he murmurs. He runs his free hand down my side until it reaches my hip. Slowly he withdraws his thumb, and I hear the telltale sound of his zipper opening. Grasping my other hip, he pulls me back and parts my legs further, his foot pushing against mine. “Don’t let go of the table, Ana,” he warns. “No,” I gasp. “Something rough? Tell me if I’m too rough. Understand?” “Yes,” I whisper, and he slams into me and pulls me onto him at the same time, jolting the plug forward, deeper . . . “Fuck!” I cry out. He stills, his breathing harsher and my panting matches his. I try to assimilate all the sensations: the delicious fullness, the tantalizing feeling that I am doing something forbidden, the erotic pleasure that spirals outward from deep within me. He pulls gently on the plug. Oh jeez . . . I moan, and I hear his sharp intake of breath—a gasp of pure, unadulterated pleasure. It heats my blood. Have I ever felt so wanton . . . so— “Again?” he whispers. “Yes.” “Stay flat,” he orders. He eases out of me and rams into me again. Oh . . . I wanted this. “Yes,” I hiss. And he picks up the pace, his breathing more labored, matching my own as he thrashes into me. “Oh, Ana,” he gasps. He moves one of his hands from my hips and twists the plug again, tugging it slowly, pulling it out and pushing it back in. The feeling is indescribable, and I think I’m going to pass out on the table. He never misses a beat as he takes me, again and again, moving strong and hard inside me, my insides tightening and quivering. “Oh fuck,” I moan. This is going to rip me apart. “Yes, baby,” he hisses. “Please,” I beg him and I don’t know what for—to stop, to never stop, to twist the plug again. My insides are tightening around him and the plug. “That’s right,” he breathes, and he slaps me hard on my right buttock, and I come—again and again, falling, falling, spinning, pulsing around and around—and Christian gently pulls the plug out. “Fuck!” I scream and Christian grabs my hips and climaxes loudly, holding me still. The woman is still singing. Christian always puts songs on repeat in here. Strange. I am curled in his arms on his lap our legs tangled together, with my head resting against his chest. We’re on the floor of the playroom by the table. “Welcome back,” he says, peeling the blindfold off me. I blink as my eyes adjust to the muted light. Tipping my chin back, he plants a soft kiss on my lips, his eyes focused on and anxiously searching mine. I reach up to caress his face. He smiles. “Well, did I fulfill the brief?” he asks, amused. I frown. “Brief?” “You wanted rough,” he says gently. I grin, because I just can’t help it. “Yes. I think you did . . .” He raises his eyebrows and grins back at me. “I’m very glad to hear it Mrs. Grey. You look thoroughly well fucked and beautiful at this moment.” He caresses my face, his long fingers stroking
my cheek. “I feel it,” I purr. He reaches down and kisses me tenderly, his lips soft and warm and giving against mine. “You never disappoint.” He leans back to gaze down at me. “How do you feel?” His voice is soft with concern. “Good,” I murmur, feeling a flush creep across my face. “Thoroughly well fucked.” I smile shyly. “Why, Mrs. Grey, you have a dirty, dirty mouth.” Christian feigns an offended expression, but I can hear his amusement. “That’s because I’m married to a dirty, dirty boy, Mr. Grey.” He grins a ridiculously stupid grin and it’s infectious. “I’m glad you’re married to him.” He gently takes hold of my braid, lifts it to his lips, and kisses the end with reverence, his eyes glowing with love. Oh my . . . did I ever have a chance of resisting this man? I reach for his left hand and plant a kiss on his wedding ring, a plain platinum band matching my own. “Mine,” I whisper. “Yours,” he responds. He curls his arms around me and presses his nose into my hair. “Shall I run you a bath?” “Hmm. Only if you join me in it.” “Okay,” he says. He sets me onto my feet and stands up beside me. He’s still wearing his jeans. “Will you wear your . . . er . . . other jeans?” He frowns down at me. “Other jeans?” “The ones you used to wear in here.” “Those jeans?” he murmurs blinking with perplexed surprise. “You look very hot in them.” “Do I?” “Yeah . . . I mean, really hot.” He smiles, shyly. “Well for you, Mrs. Grey, maybe I will.” He bends to kiss me then grabs the small bowl on the table that contains the butt plug, the tube of lubricant, the blindfold, and my panties. “Who cleans these toys?” I ask as I follow him over to the chest. He frowns at me, as if not understanding the question. “Me. Mrs. Jones.” “What?” He nods, amused and embarrassed, I think. He switches off the music. “Well—um . . .” “Your subs used to do it?” I finish his sentence. He gives me an apologetic shrug. “Here.” He hands me his shirt and I put it on, wrapping it around myself. His scent still clings to the linen, and my chagrin about butt plug washing is forgotten. He leaves the items on the chest. Taking my hand, he unlocks the playroom door then leads me out and downstairs. I follow him meekly. The anxiety, the bad mood, the thrill, fear, and excitement of the car chase have all gone. I’m relaxed—finally sated and calm. As we enter our bathroom, I yawn loudly and stretch . . . at ease with myself for a change. “What is it?” Christian asks as he turns on the faucet. I shake my head. “Tell me,” he asks softly. He spills jasmine bath oil into the running water, filling the room with its sweet, sensual scent. I flush. “I just feel better.” He smiles. “Yes, you’ve been in a strange mood today, Mrs. Grey.” Standing, he pulls me into his
arms. “I know you’re worrying about these recent events. I’m sorry you’re caught up in them. I don’t know if it’s a vendetta, an ex-employee, or a business rival. If anything were to happen to you because of me—” His voice drops to a pained whisper. I curl my arms around him. “What if something happens to you, Christian?” I voice my fear. He gazes down at me. “We’ll figure this out. Now let’s get you out of this shirt and into this bath.” “Shouldn’t you talk to Sawyer?” “He can wait.” His mouth hardens, and I feel a sudden pang of pity for Sawyer. What’s he done to upset Christian? Christian helps me out of his shirt then frowns as I turn to him. My breasts still bear faded bruises from the love bites he gave me during our honeymoon, but I decide not to tease him about them. “I wonder if Ryan has caught up with the Dodge?” “We’ll see, after this bath. Get in.” He holds his hand out for me. I climb into the hot, fragrant water and sit tentatively. “Ow.” My ass is tender, and the hot water makes me wince. “Easy, baby,” Christian warns, but as he says it, the uncomfortable sensation melts away. Christian strips and climbs in behind me, pulling me against his chest. I nestle between his legs, and we lie idle and content in the hot water. I run my fingers down his legs, and gathering my braid in one hand, he twirls it gently between his fingers. “We need to go over the plans for the new house. Later this evening?” “Sure.” That woman is coming back again. My subconscious gazes up from volume 3 of The Complete Works of Charles Dickens and glowers. I’m with my subconscious. I sigh. Unfortunately, Gia Matteo’s designs are breathtaking. “I must get my things ready for work,” I whisper. He stills. “You know you don’t have to go back to work,” he murmurs. Oh no . . . not this again. “Christian, we’ve been through this. Please don’t resurrect that argument.” He tugs my braid so my face tilts up and back. “Just saying . . .” He plants a soft kiss on my lips. I pull on sweat pants and a camisole and decide to fetch my clothes from the playroom. As I make my way across the hallway, I hear Christian’s raised voice from his study. I freeze. “Where the fuck were you?” Oh shit. He’s shouting at Sawyer. Cringing, I dash upstairs to the playroom. I really don’t want to hear what he has to say to him—I still find shouty Christian intimidating. Poor Sawyer. At least I get to shout back. I gather up my clothes and Christian’s shoes, then notice the small porcelain bowl with the butt plug still on top of the museum chest. Well . . . I suppose I should clean it. I add it to the pile and make my way back downstairs. I glance nervously through the great room, but all is quiet. Thank heavens. Taylor will be back tomorrow evening, and Christian is generally calmer when he’s around. Taylor is spending some quality time today and tomorrow with his daughter. I wonder idly if I’ll ever get to meet her. Mrs. Jones comes out of the utility room. We startle each other. “Mrs. Grey—I didn’t see you there.” Oh, I’m Mrs. Grey now!“Hello, Mrs. Jones.” “Welcome home and congratulations.” She smiles. “Please call me Ana.” “Mrs. Grey, I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing that.” Oh! Why must everything change just because I have a ring on my finger?
“Would you like to run through the menus for the week?” she asks, looking at me expectantly. Menus? “Um . . .” This is not a question I have ever anticipated being asked. She smiles. “When I first worked for Mr. Grey, every Sunday evening I would run through the menus for the upcoming week with him and list anything he might need from the grocery store.” “I see.” “Shall I take those for you?” She holds out her hands for my clothes. “Oh . . . um. Actually I haven’t finished with these.” And they are hiding the bowl with the butt plug in! I turn crimson. It’s a wonder I can look Mrs. Jones in the eye. She knows what we do—she cleans the room. Jeez, it’s just weird having no privacy. “When you’re ready, Mrs. Grey. I’d be more than happy to run through things with you.” “Thank you.” We are interrupted by an ashen-faced Sawyer who stalks out of Christian’s study and briskly crosses the great room. He gives us both a brief nod, not looking either of us in the eye, and slinks into Taylor’s study. I’m grateful for his intervention as I don’t wish to discuss menus or butt plugs with Mrs. Jones right now. Offering her a brief smile, I scurry back to the bedroom. Will I ever get used to having domestic staff at my beck and call? I shake my head . . . one day, maybe. I dump Christian’s shoes on the floor and my clothes on the bed, and take the bowl with the butt plug into the bathroom. I eye it suspiciously. It looks innocuous enough, and surprisingly clean. I don’t want to dwell on that, and I wash it quickly with soap and water. Will that be enough? I’ll have to ask Mr. Sexpert if it should be sterilized or something. I shudder at the thought. I like that Christian has turned the library over to me. It now houses an attractive white wooden desk I can work at. I take out my laptop and check my notes on the five manuscripts I read on honeymoon. Yep, I have everything I need. Part of me dreads going back to work, but I can never tell Christian that. He’d seize on the opportunity to make me quit. I remember Roach’s apoplectic reaction when I told him I was getting married and to whom, and how, shortly afterward, my position was confirmed. I realize now it was because I was marrying the boss. The thought is unwelcome. I am no longer acting commissioning editor—I am Anastasia Steele, Commissioning Editor. I haven’t yet plucked up the courage to tell Christian that I am not going to change my name at work. I think my reasons are solid. I need some distance from him, but I know there will be a fight when he finally realizes that. Perhaps I should discuss this with him tonight. Sitting back in my chair, I start my final chore of the day. I glance at the digital clock on my laptop, which tells me it’s seven in the evening. Christian still hasn’t emerged from his study, so I have time. Taking the memory card out of the Nikon camera, I load it into the laptop to transfer the photographs. As the pictures upload, I reflect on the day. Is Ryan back? Or is he still on his way to Portland? Has he caught up with the mystery woman? Has Christian heard from him? I want some answers. I don’t care that he’s busy; I want to know what’s going on, and I suddenly feel a tad resentful that he’s keeping me in the dark. I rise, intending to go and confront him in his study, but as I do the photos from the last few days of our honeymoon pop up onscreen. Holy crap! Picture after picture of me. Asleep, so many of me asleep, my hair over my face or fanned out across the pillow, lips parted . . . shit—sucking my thumb. I haven’t sucked my thumb for years! So many photos. I had no idea he’d taken these. There are a few candid long shots, including one of me leaning over the rail of the yacht, staring moodily into the distance. How did I not notice him taking
this? I smile at the photos of me curled up beneath him and laughing—my hair flying as I struggle, fighting his tickling, tormenting fingers. And there’s the one of him and me on the bed in the master cabin that he took at arm’s length. I am cuddled on his chest and he gazes at the camera, young, wideeyed . . . in love. His other hand cups my head, and I am smiling like a love-struck fool, but I cannot take my eyes off Christian. Oh, my beautiful man, his ruffled just-fucked hair, his gray eyes glowing, his lips parted and smiling. My beautiful man who cannot bear to be tickled, who could not bear to be touched just a short while ago, yet now he tolerates my touch. I must ask him if he likes it, or whether he lets me touch him for my pleasure rather than his. I frown, gazing down at his image, suddenly overwhelmed by my feelings for him. Someone out there wants to harm him—first Charlie Tango, then the fire at GEH, and that damned car chase. I gasp, putting my hand to my mouth as an involuntary sob escapes. Abandoning my computer, I leap up to find him—not to confront him now—just to check that he’s safe. Not bothering to knock, I barge into his study. Christian is sitting at his desk and talking on the phone. He looks up in surprised annoyance, but the irritation on his face disappears when he sees it’s me. “So you can’t enhance it further?” he says, continuing his phone conversation, though he doesn’t take his eyes off me. Without hesitation, I walk around his desk, and he turns in his chair to face me, frowning. I can tell he’s thinking what does she want? When I crawl onto his lap, his eyebrows shoot up in surprise. I put my arms around his neck and cuddle into him. Gingerly, he puts his arm around me. “Um . . . yes, Barney. Could you hold one moment?” He cups the phone against his shoulder. “Ana, what’s wrong?” I shake my head. Tipping my chin up, he gazes into my eyes. I pull my head free from his hold, tuck it beneath his chin, and curl up smaller on his lap. Bemused, he wraps his free arm more tightly around me and kisses the top of my head. “Okay, Barney, what were you saying?” He continues, wedging the phone between his ear and his shoulder, and taps a key on his laptop. A grainy black and white CCTV image appears on the screen. A man with dark hair wearing pale coveralls comes on the screen. Christian presses another key, and the man walks toward the camera, but with his head bowed. When the man is closer to the camera, Christian freezes the frame. He’s standing in a bright white room with what looks like a long line of tall black cabinets to his left. This must be GEH’s server room. “Okay Barney, one more time.” The screen springs to life. A box appears around the head of the man in the CCTV footage and suddenly we zoom in. I sit up, fascinated. “Is Barney doing this?” I ask quietly. “Yes,” Christian answers. “Can you sharpen the picture at all?” he says to Barney. The picture blurs, then refocuses moderately sharper of the man consciously gazing down and avoiding the CCTV camera. As I stare at him, a chill of recognition sweeps up my spine. There is something familiar in the line of his jaw. He has scruffy short black hair that looks odd and unkempt . . . and in the newly sharpened picture, I see an earring, a small hoop. Holy crap! I know who it is. “Christian,” I whisper. “That’s Jack Hyde.”
“You think?” Christian asks, surprised. “It’s the line of his jaw.” I point at the screen. “And the earrings and the shape of his shoulders. He’s the right build, too. He must be wearing a wig—or he’s cut and dyed his hair.” “Barney, are you getting this?” Christian puts the phone down on his desk and switches to handsfree. “You seem to have studied your ex-boss in some detail, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs, sounding none too pleased. I scowl at him, but I’m saved by Barney. “Yes, sir. I heard Mrs. Grey. I’m running face recognition software on all the digitized CCTV footage right now. See where else this asshole—I’m sorry ma’am—this man has been within the organization.” I glance anxiously at Christian, who ignores Barney’s expletive. He’s studying the CCTV picture closely. “Why would he do this?” I ask Christian. He shrugs. “Revenge, perhaps. I don’t know. You can’t fathom why some people behave the way they do. I’m just angry that you ever worked so closely with him.” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard, thin line and he encircles my waist with his arm. “We have the contents of his hard drive, too, sir,” Barney adds. “Yes, I remember. Do you have an address for Mr. Hyde?” Christian says sharply. “Yes, sir, I do.” “Alert Welch.” “Sure will. I’m also going to scan the city CCTV and see if I can track his movements.” “Check what vehicle he owns.” “Sir.” “Barney can do all this?” I whisper. Christian nods and gives me a smug smile. “What was on his hard drive?” I whisper. Christian’s face hardens and he shakes his head. “Nothing much,” he says, tight-lipped, his smile forgotten. “Tell me.” “No.” “Was it about you, or me?”
“Me.” He sighs. “What sort of things? About your lifestyle?” Christian shakes his head and puts his index finger against my lips to silence me. I scowl at him. But he narrows his eyes, and it’s a clear warning that I should hold my tongue. “It’s a 2006 Camaro. I’ll send the license details to Welch, too,” Barney says excitedly from the phone. “Good. Let me know where else that fucker has been in my building. And check this image against the one from his SIP personnel file.” Christian gazes at me skeptically. “I want to be sure we have a match.” “Already done, sir, and Mrs. Grey is correct. This is Jack Hyde.” I grin. See? I can be useful. Christian rubs his hand down my back. “Well done, Mrs. Grey.” He smiles and his earlier rancor forgotten. To Barney he says, “Let me know when you’ve tracked all his movements at HQ. Also check out any other GEH property he may have had access to, and let the security teams know so they can make another sweep of all those buildings.” “Sir.” “Thanks, Barney.” Christian hangs up. “Well, Mrs. Grey, it seems that you are not only decorative, but useful, too.” Christian’s eyes light up with wicked amusement. I know he’s teasing. “Decorative?” I scoff, teasing him back. “Very,” he says quietly, pressing a soft, sweet kiss on my lips. “You’re much more decorative than I am, Mr. Grey.” He grins and kisses me more forcefully, winding my braid around his wrist and wrapping his arms around me. When we come up for air, my heart is racing. “Hungry?” he asks. “No.” “I am.” “What for?” “Well—food actually, Mrs. Grey.” “I’ll make you something.” I giggle. “I love that sound.” “Of me offering you food?” “You giggling.” He kisses my hair then I stand. “So what would you like to eat, Sir?” I ask sweetly. He narrows his eyes. “Are you being cute, Mrs. Grey?” “Always, Mr. Grey . . . Sir.” He smiles a sphinxlike smile. “I can still put you over my knee,” he murmurs seductively. “I know.” I grin. Placing my hands on the arms of his office chair, I lean down and kiss him. “That’s one of the things I love about you. But stow your twitching palm—you’re hungry.” He smiles his shy smile and my heart clenches. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, what am I going to do with you?” “You’re going to answer my question. What would you like to eat?” “Something light. Surprise me,” he says, mirroring my words from the playroom earlier. “I’ll see what I can do.” I sashay out of his study and into the kitchen. My heart sinks when I see Mrs. Jones is there. “Hello, Mrs. Jones.”
“Mrs. Grey. Are you ready for something to eat?” “Um . . .” She is stirring something in a pot on the stove that smells delicious. “I was going to make subs for Mr. Grey and me.” She pauses for a heartbeat. “Sure,” she says. “Mr. Grey likes French bread—there is some in the freezer cut to sub length. I’d be happy to make it for you, ma’am.” “I know. But I’d like to do this.” “I understand. I’ll give you some room.” “What are you cooking?” “This is a bolognaise sauce. It can be eaten anytime. I’ll freeze it.” She smiles warmly and turns the heat right down. “Um—so what does Christian like in a, um . . . sub?” I frown, struck by what I’ve just said. Does Mrs. Jones understand the inference? “Mrs. Grey, you could put just about anything in a sandwich, and as long as it’s on French bread, he’ll eat it.” We grin at each other. “Okay, thank you.” I skip to the freezer and find the French bread cut to size in Ziplock bags. I place two of them on a plate, pop them into the microwave, and set it to defrost. Mrs. Jones has disappeared. I frown as I return to the fridge to search for ingredients. I suppose it will be up to me to set the parameters by which Mrs. Jones and I will work together. I like the idea of cooking for Christian on the weekends. Mrs. Jones is more than welcome to do it during the week— the last thing I’ll want to do when I come home from work is cook. Hmm . . . a bit like Christian’s routine with his submissives. I shake my head. I mustn’t overthink this. I find some ham in the fridge, and in the crisper a perfectly ripe avocado. As I am adding a touch of salt and lemon to the mashed avocado, Christian emerges from his study with the plans for the new house in his hands. He puts them on the breakfast bar, saunters toward me, and wraps his arms around me, kissing my neck. “Barefoot and in the kitchen,” he murmurs. “Shouldn’t that be barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen?” I smirk. He stills, his whole body tensing against me. “Not yet,” he declares, apprehension clear in his voice. “No! Not yet!” He relaxes. “On that we can agree, Mrs. Grey.” “You do want kids though, don’t you?” “Sure, yes. Eventually. But I’m not ready to share you yet.” He kisses my neck again. Oh . . . share? “What are you making? Looks good.” He kisses me behind my ear, and I know it’s to distract me. A delicious tingle travels down my spine. “Subs.” I smirk, recovering my sense of humor. He smiles against my neck and nips my earlobe. “My favorite.” I poke him with my elbow. “Mrs. Grey, you wound me.” He clutches his side as if in pain. “Wimp,” I mutter disapprovingly. “Wimp?” he utters in disbelief. He slaps my behind, making me yelp. “Hurry up with my food, wench. And later I’ll show you how wimpy I can be.” He slaps me playfully once more and goes to the fridge.
“Would you like a glass of wine?” he asks. “Please.” Christian spreads Gia’s plans out over the breakfast bar. She really has some spectacular ideas. “I love her proposal to make the entire downstairs back wall glass, but . . .” “But?” Christian prompts. I sigh. “I don’t want to take all the character out of the house.” “Character?” “Yes. What Gia is proposing is quite radical, but . . . well . . . I fell in love with the house as it is . . . warts and all.” Christian’s brow furrows as if this is anathema to him. “I kind of like it the way it is,” I whisper. Is this going to make him mad? He regards me steadily. “I want this house to be the way you want. Whatever you want. It’s yours.” “I want you to like it, too. To be happy in it, too.” “I’ll be happy wherever you are. It’s that simple, Ana.” His gaze holds mine. He is utterly, utterly sincere. I blink at him as my heart expands. Holy cow, he really does love me. “Well”—I swallow, fighting the small knot of emotion that catches in my throat—“I like the glass wall. Maybe we could ask her to incorporate it into the house a little more sympathetically.” Christian grins. “Sure. Whatever you want. What about the plans for upstairs and the basement?” “I’m cool with those.” “Good.” Okay . . . I steel myself to ask the million-dollar question. “Do you want to put in a playroom?” I feel the oh-so-familiar flush creep up my face as I ask. Christian’s eyebrows shoot up. “Do you?” he replies, surprised and amused at once. I shrug. “Um . . . if you want.” He regards me for a moment. “Let’s leave our options open for the moment. After all, this will be a family home.” I’m surprised by the stab of disappointment I feel. I guess he’s right . . . although when are we going to have a family? It could be years. “Besides, we can improvise.” He smirks. “I like improvising,” I whisper. He grins. “There’s something I want to discuss.” Christian points to the master bedroom, and we start a detailed discussion on bathrooms and separate walk-in closets. When we finish, it’s nine thirty in the evening. “Are you going back to work?” I ask as Christian rolls up the plans. “Not if you don’t want me to.” He smiles. “What would you like to do?” “We could watch TV.” I don’t want to read, and I don’t want to go to bed . . . yet. “Okay,” Christian agrees willingly, and I follow him into the TV room. We have sat here three, maybe four times total, and Christian usually reads a book. He’s not interested in television at all. I curl up beside him on the couch, tucking my legs beneath me and resting my head against his shoulder. He switches on the flat-screen television with the remote and flicks mindlessly through the channels. “Any specific drivel you want to see?” “You don’t like TV much, do you?” I mutter sardonically.
He shakes his head. “Waste of time. But I’ll watch something with you.” “I thought we could make out.” He whips his face to mine. “Make out?” He gazes at me as if I’ve grown two heads. He stops the endless flicking, leaving the TV on an over lit Spanish soap opera. “Yes.” Why is he so horrified? “We could go to bed and make out.” “We do that all the time. When was the last time you made out in front of the TV?” I ask, shy and teasing at the same time. He shrugs and shakes his head. Pressing the remote again, he flicks through another few channels before settling on an old episode of The X-Files. “Christian?” “I’ve never done that,” he says quietly. “Never?” “No.” “Not even with Mrs. Robinson?” He snorts. “Baby, I did a lot of things with Mrs. Robinson. Making out was not one of them.” He smirks at me and then narrows his eyes with amused curiosity. “Have you?” I flush. “Of course.” Well kind of . . . “What! Who with?” Oh no. I do not want to have this discussion. “Tell me,” he persists. I gaze down at my knotted fingers. He gently covers my hands with one of his. When I glance up at him, he’s smiling at me. “I want to know. So I can beat whoever it was to a pulp.” I giggle. “Well, the first time . . .” “The first time! There’s more than one fucker?” He growls. I giggle again. “Why so surprised, Mr. Grey?” He frowns briefly, runs a hand through his hair, and looks at me as if seeing me in a completely different light. He shrugs. “I just am. I mean—given your lack of experience.” I flush. “I’ve certainly made up for that since I met you.” “You have.” He grins. “Tell me. I want to know.” I gaze into patient gray eyes, trying to gauge his mood. Is this going to make him mad, or does he genuinely want to know? I don’t want him sulking . . . he’s impossible when he’s sulking. “You really want me to tell you?” He nods slowly once, and his lips twitch with an amused, arrogant smile. “I was briefly in Vegas with Mom and Husband Number Three. I was in tenth grade. His name was Bradley, and he was my lab partner in physics.” “How old were you?” “Fifteen.” “And what’s he doing now?” “I don’t know.” “What base did he get to?” “Christian!” I scold—and suddenly he grabs my knees, then my ankles, and tips me up so I fall back on to the couch. He slides smoothly on top of me, trapping me beneath him, one leg between mine. It’s so sudden that I cry out in surprise. He grabs my hands and raises them above my head.
“So, this Bradley—did he get to first base?” he murmurs, running his nose down the length of mine. He plants soft kisses at the corner of my mouth. “Yes,” I murmur against his lips. He releases one of his hands so that he can clasp my chin and hold me still while his tongue invades my mouth, and I surrender to his ardent kissing. “Like this?” Christian breathes when he comes up for air. “No . . . nothing like that,” I manage as all the blood in my body heads south. Releasing my chin, he runs his hand down over my body and back up to my breast. “Did he do this? Touch you like this?” His thumb skims over my nipple, through my camisole, softly, repeatedly, and it hardens under his expert touch. “No.” I writhe beneath him. “Did he get to second base?” he murmurs in my ear. His hand moves down across my ribs, past my waist to my hip. He takes my earlobe between his teeth and gently tugs. “No,” I breathe. Mulder blurts from the television something about the FBI’s most unwanted. Christian pauses, leans up, and presses mute on the remote. He gazes down at me. “What about Joe Schmo number two? Did he make it past second base?” His eyes are smoldering hot . . . angry? Turned on? It’s difficult to say which. He shifts to my side and slides his hand beneath my sweatpants. “No,” I whisper, trapped in his carnal gaze. Christian smiles wickedly. “Good.” His hand cups my sex. “No underwear, Mrs. Grey. I approve.” He kisses me again as his fingers weave more magic, his thumb skimming over my clitoris, tantalizing me, as he pushes his index finger inside me with exquisite slowness. “We’re supposed to be making out.” I groan. Christian stills. “I thought we were?” “No. No sex.” “What?” “No sex . . .” “No sex, huh?” He withdraws his hand from my sweatpants. “Here.” He traces my lips with his index finger, and I taste my slick saltiness. He pushes his finger into my mouth, mirroring what he was doing a moment earlier. Then shifts so he’s between my legs, and his erection pushes against me. He thrusts, once, twice, and again. I gasp as the material of my sweatpants rubs in just the right way. He pushes once more, grinding into me. “This what you want?” he murmurs and moves his hips rhythmically, rocking against me. “Yes.” I moan. His hand moves back to concentrate on my nipple once more and his teeth scrape along my jaw. “Do you know how hot you are, Ana?” His voice is hoarse as he rocks harder against me. I open my mouth to articulate a response and fail miserably, groaning loudly. He captures my mouth once more, tugging at my bottom lip with his teeth before plunging his tongue into my mouth again. He releases my other wrist and my hands travel greedily up his shoulders and into his hair as he kisses me. When I pull on his hair, he groans and raises his eyes to mine. “Ah . . .” “Do you like me touching you?” I whisper. His brow furrows briefly as if he doesn’t understand the question. He stops grinding against me. “Of course I do. I love you touching me, Ana. I’m like a starving man at a banquet when it comes to your touch.” His voice hums with passionate sincerity.
Holy cow . . . He kneels between my legs and drags me up to haul off my top. I’m naked beneath. Grabbing the hem of his shirt, he yanks it over his head and tosses it on the floor, then pulls me onto his kneeling lap, his arms clasped just above my behind. “Touch me,” he breathes. Oh my . . . Tentatively I reach up and brush the tips of my fingers through the smattering of chest hair over his sternum, over his burn scars. He inhales sharply and his pupils dilate, but it’s not with fear. It’s a sensual response to my touch. He watches me intently as my fingers float delicately over his skin, first to one nipple and then the other. They pucker beneath my caress. Leaning forward, I plant soft kisses on his chest, and my hands move to his shoulders, feeling the hard, sculptured lines of sinew and muscle. Jeez . . . he’s in good shape. “I want you,” he murmurs and it’s a green light to my libido. My fingers move into his hair, pulling his head back so I can claim his mouth, fire licking hot and high in my belly. He groans and pushes me back onto the couch. He sits up and rips off my sweatpants, undoing his fly at the same time. “Home run,” he whispers, and swiftly he fills me. “Ah . . .” I groan and he stills, grabbing my face between his hands. “I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and very slowly, very gently, he makes love to me until I come apart at the seams, calling his name and wrapping myself around him, never wanting to let him go. I lay sprawled on his chest. We’re on the floor of the TV room. “You know, we completely bypassed third base.” My fingers trace the line of his pectoral muscles. He laughs. “Next time, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses the top of my head. I look up to stare at the television screen where the end credits for The X-Files play. Christian reaches for the remote and switches the sound back on. “You liked that show?” I ask. “When I was a kid.” Oh . . . Christian as a kid . . . kickboxing and X Files and no touching. “You?” he asks. “Before my time.” “You’re so young.” Christian smiles fondly. “I like making out with you, Mrs. Grey.” “Likewise, Mr. Grey.” I kiss his chest, and we lie silently watching as The X-Files finish and the commercials come on. “It’s been a heavenly three weeks. Car chases and fires and psycho ex-bosses notwithstanding. Like being in our own private bubble,” I mutter dreamily. “Hmm,” Christian hums deep in his throat. “I’m not sure I’m ready to share you with the rest of the world yet.” “Back to reality tomorrow,” I murmur, trying to keep the melancholy from my voice. Christian sighs and runs his other hand through his hair. “Security will be tight—” I put my finger over his lips. I don’t want to hear this lecture again. “I know. I’ll be good. I promise.” Which reminds me . . . I shift, propping myself up on my elbows to see him better. “Why were you shouting at Sawyer?” He stiffens immediately. Oh shit. “Because we were followed.” “That wasn’t Sawyer’s fault.”
He gazes at me levelly. “They should never have let you get so far in front. They know that.” I blush guiltily and resume my position, resting on his chest. It was my fault. I wanted to get away from them. “That wasn’t—” “Enough!” Christian is suddenly curt. “This is not up for discussion, Anastasia. It’s a fact, and they won’t let it happen again.” Anastasia! I am Anastasia when I am in trouble just like at home with my mother. “Okay,” I mutter, placating him. I don’t want to fight. “Did Ryan catch up with the woman in the Dodge?” “No. And I’m not convinced it was a woman.” “Oh?” I look up again. “Sawyer saw someone with their hair tied back, but it was a brief look. He assumed it was a woman. Now, given that you’ve identified that fucker, maybe it was him. He wore his hair like that.” The disgust in Christian’s voice is palpable. I don’t know what to make of this news. Christian runs his hand down my naked back, distracting me. “If anything happened to you . . . ,” he murmurs, his eyes wide and serious. “I know,” I whisper. “I feel the same about you.” I shiver at the thought. “Come. You’re getting cold,” he says, sitting up. “Let’s go to bed. We can cover third base there.” He smiles a lascivious smile, as mercurial as ever, passionate, angry, anxious, sexy—my Fifty Shades. I take his hand and he pulls me to my feet, and without a stitch on, I follow him through the great room to the bedroom. The following morning, Christian squeezes my hand as we pull up outside SIP. He looks very much the powerful executive in his dark navy suit and matching tie, and I smile. He’s not been this smart since the ballet in Monaco. “You know you don’t have to do this?” Christian murmurs. I am tempted to roll my eyes at him. “I know,” I whisper, not wanting Sawyer and Ryan to overhear me from the front of the Audi. He frowns and I smile. “But I want to,” I continue. “You know this.” I lean up and kiss him. His frown doesn’t disappear. “What’s wrong?”He glances uncertainly at Ryan as Sawyer climbs out of the car. “I’ll miss having you to myself.” I reach up to caress his face. “Me, too.” I kiss him. “It was a wonderful honeymoon. Thank you.” “Go to work, Mrs. Grey.” “You, too, Mr. Grey.” Sawyer opens the door. I squeeze Christian’s hand once more before I climb out onto the sidewalk. As I head into the building, I give him a little wave. Sawyer holds open the door and follows me in. “Hi, Ana.” Claire smiles from behind the reception desk. “Claire, hello.” I smile back. “You look wonderful. Good honeymoon?” “The best, thank you. How’s it been here?” “Old man Roach is the same, but security has been stepped up and our server room is being overhauled. But Hannah will tell you.” Sure she will. I give Claire a friendly smile and head to my office. Hannah is my assistant. She is tall, slim, and ruthlessly efficient to the point that sometimes I find
her a little intimidating. But she’s sweet to me, in spite of the fact that she’s a couple of years older. She has my latte waiting—the only coffee I let her get for me. “Hi, Hannah,” I say warmly. “Ana, how was your honeymoon?” “Fantastic. Here—for you.” I pop the small bottle of perfume I bought for her onto her desk, and she claps her hands with glee. “Oh, thank you!” she says enthusiastically. “Your urgent correspondence is on your desk, and Roach would like to see you at ten. That’s all I have to report for now.” “Good. Thank you. And thanks for the coffee.” Wandering into my office, I rest my briefcase on my desk and gaze at the piled up letters. Jeez, I have a lot to do. Just before ten there’s a timid tap on my door. “Come in.” Elizabeth looks around the door. “Hi, Ana. I just wanted to say welcome back.” “Hey. I have to say, reading through all this correspondence, I wish I was back in the South of France.” Elizabeth laughs, but her laughter is off, forced, and I cock my head to one side and gaze at her like Christian does to me. “Glad you’re back safely,” she says. “I’ll see you in a few minutes at the meeting with Roach.” “Okay,” I murmur, and she shuts the door behind her. I frown at the closed door. What was that about? I shrug it off. My e-mail pings—it’s a message from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Errant Wives Date: August 22, 2011 09:56 To: Anastasia Steele Wife I sent the e-mail below and it bounced. And it’s because you haven’t changed your name. Something you want to tell me? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Attachment: From: Christian Grey FW Subject: Bubble Date: August 22, 2011 09:32 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey Love covering all the bases with you. Have a great first day back. Miss our bubble already. x Christian Grey Back in the Real World CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Shit. I hit reply immediately.
From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Don’t Burst the Bubble Date: August 22, 2011 09:58 To: Christian Grey Husband I am all for a baseball metaphor with you, Mr. Grey. I want to keep my name here. I’ll explain this evening. I am going in to a meeting now. Miss our bubble, too . . . PS: Thought I had to use my BlackBerry? Anastasia Steele Commissioning Editor, SIP This is going to be such a fight. I can feel it. Sighing, I gather up my papers for the meeting. The meeting lasts for two hours. All the commissioning editors are there, plus Roach and Elizabeth. We discuss personnel, strategy, marketing, security, and year-end. As the meeting progresses, I grow more and more uncomfortable. There’s a subtle change in how my colleagues are treating me—a distance and deference that wasn’t there before I left for my honeymoon. And from Courtney, who heads up the non-fiction division, there’s downright hostility. Maybe I’m just being paranoid but it goes some way to explaining Elizabeth’s odd greeting this morning. My mind drifts back to the yacht, then to the playroom, then to the R8 speeding away from the mystery Dodge on I-5. Perhaps Christian’s right . . . perhaps I can’t do this anymore. The thought is depressing—this is all I’ve ever wanted to do. If I can’t do this, what will I do? As I walk back to my office, I try to dismiss these dark thoughts. When I sit down at my desk, I quickly check my e-mails. Nothing from Christian. I check my BlackBerry . . . Still nothing. Good. At least there’s been no adverse reaction to my e-mail. Perhaps we’ll discuss this tonight as per my request. I find that hard to believe, but ignoring my uneasy feeling, I open the marketing plan I was given at the meeting. As is our ritual on a Monday, Hannah comes into my office with a plate for my packed lunch courtesy of Mrs. Jones, and we sit and eat our lunches together, discussing what we want to achieve during the week. She brings me up to date with the office gossip, too, which—considering I’ve been away for three weeks—is pretty thin on the ground. As we’re chatting, there’s a knock on the door. “Come in.” Roach opens the door, and standing beside him is Christian. I’m momentarily struck dumb. Christian shoots me a blazing look and stalks in, before smiling politely at Hannah. “Hello, you must be Hannah. I’m Christian Grey,” he says. Hannah scrambles to her feet and holds out her hand. “Mr. Grey. H-how nice to meet you,” she stutters as they shake hands. “Can I fetch you a coffee?” “Please,” he says warmly. With a quick puzzled glance at me, she scuttles out of the office past Roach, who stands as dumbstruck as me on the threshold of my office. “If you’ll excuse me, Roach, I’d like a word with Ms. Steele.” Christian hisses the S sibilantly . . . sarcastically. This is why he’s here . . . Oh shit. “Of course, Mr. Grey. Ana,” Roach mutters, shutting the door to my office as he departs. I recover
my power of speech. “Mr. Grey, how nice to see you.” I smile, far too sweetly. “Ms. Steele, may I sit down?” “It’s your company.” I wave at the chair Hannah vacated. “Yes, it is.” He smiles wolfishly at me, the smile not reaching his eyes. His tone is clipped. He’s bristling with tension—I can feel it all around me. Fuck. My heart sinks. “Your office is very small,” he says as he sits down facing my desk. “It suits me.” He regards me neutrally, but I know he’s mad. I take a deep breath. This is not going to be fun. “So what can I do for you, Christian?” “I’m just looking over my assets.” “Your assets? All of them?” “All of them. Some of them need rebranding.” “Rebranding? In what way?” “I think you know.” His voice is menacingly quiet. “Please—don’t tell me you have interrupted your day after three weeks away to come over here and fight with me about my name.” I am not a freaking asset! He shifts and crosses his legs. “Not exactly fight. No.” “Christian, I’m working.” “Looked like you were gossiping with your assistant to me.” My cheeks heat. “We were going through our schedules,” I snap. “And you haven’t answered my question.” There’s a knock on the door. “Come in!” I shout, too loudly. Hannah opens the door and brings in a small tray. Milk jug, sugar bowl, coffee in a French press— she’s gone all out. She places the tray on my desk. “Thank you, Hannah,” I mutter, embarrassed that I have just shouted so loudly. “Do you need anything else, Mr. Grey?” she asks all breathless. I want to roll my eyes at her. “No, thank you. That’s all.” He smiles his dazzling, panty-dropping smile at her. She flushes and exits simpering. Christian turns his attention back to me. “Now, Ms. Steele, where were we?” “You were rudely interrupting my work day to fight with me about my name.” Christian blinks once—surprised, I think, by the vehemence in my voice. Deftly, he picks at an invisible piece of lint on his knee with long skilled fingers. It’s distracting. He’s doing it on purpose. I narrow my eyes at him. “I like to make the odd impromptu visit. It keeps management on their toes, wives in their place. You know.” He shrugs, his mouth set in an arrogant line. Wives in their place! “I had no idea you could spare the time,” I snap. His eyes frost. “Why don’t you want to change your name here?” he asks, his voice deathly quiet. “Christian, do we have to discuss this now?” “I’m here. I don’t see why not.” “I have a ton of work to do, having been away for the last three weeks.” He gazes at me, his eyes cool and assessing—distant even. I marvel that he can appear so cold after last night, after the last three weeks. Shit. He must be so mad—really mad. When will he learn not to overreact? “Are you ashamed of me?” he asks, his voice deceptively soft.
“No! Christian, of course not.” I scowl at him. “This is about me—not you.” Jeez, he’s exasperating sometimes. Silly overbearing megalomaniac. “How is this not about me?” He cocks his head to one side, genuinely perplexed, some of his detachment slipping as he stares at me with wide eyes, and I realize that he’s hurt. Holy fuck. I’ve hurt his feelings. Oh no . . . he’s the last person I want to hurt. I have to make him see my logic. I have to explain my reasoning for my decision. “Christian, when I took this job, I’d only just met you,” I say patiently, struggling to find the right words. “I didn’t know you were going to buy the company—” What can I say about that event in our brief history? His deranged reasons for doing so—his control freakery, his stalker tendencies gone mad, given completely free rein because he is so wealthy. I know he wants to keep me safe, but it’s his ownership of SIP that is the fundamental problem here. If he’d never interfered, I could continue as normal and not have to face the disgruntled and whispered recriminations of my colleagues. I put my head in my hands just to break eye contact with him. “Why is it so important to you?” I ask, desperately trying to hold on to my fraying temper. I look up at his impassive stare, his eyes luminous, giving nothing away, his earlier hurt now hidden. But even as I ask the question, deep down I know the answer before he says it. “I want everyone to know that you’re mine.” “I am yours—look.” I hold up my left hand, showing my wedding and engagement rings. “It’s not enough.” “Not enough that I married you?” My voice is barely a whisper. He blinks, registering the horror on my face. Where can I go from here? What else can I do? “That’s not what I mean,” he snaps and runs a hand through his overlong hair so that it flops onto his forehead. “What do you mean?” He swallows. “I want your world to begin and end with me,” he says, his expression raw. His comment completely derails me. It’s like he’s punched me hard in the stomach, winding and wounding me. And the vision comes to mind of a small, frightened, copper-haired gray-eyed boy in dirty, mismatched, ill-fitting clothes. “It does,” I say without guile, because it’s the truth. “I’m just trying to establish a career, and I don’t want to trade on your name. I have to do something, Christian. I can’t stay imprisoned at Escala or the new house with nothing to do. I’ll go crazy. I’ll suffocate. I’ve always worked, and I enjoy this. This is my dream job; it’s all I’ve ever wanted. But doing this doesn’t mean I love you less. You are the world to me.” My throat swells and tears prick the back of my eyes. I must not cry, not here. I repeat it over and over in my head. I must not cry. I must not cry. He stares at me, saying nothing. Then a frown crosses his face as if he’s considering what I’ve said. “I suffocate you?” His voice is bleak, and it’s an echo of a question he’s asked me before. “No . . . yes . . . no.” This is such an exasperating conversation—not one that I want to have now, here. I close my eyes and rub my forehead, trying to fathom how we got to this. “Look, we were talking about my name. I want to keep my name here because I want to put some distance between you and me . . . but only here, that’s all. You know everyone thinks I got the job because of you, when the reality is—” I stop, when his eyes widen. Oh no . . . it is because of him? “Do you want to know why you got the job, Anastasia?” Anastasia? Shit. “What? What do you mean?” He shifts in his chair as if steeling himself. Do I want to know?
“The management here gave you Hyde’s job to babysit. They didn’t want the expense of hiring a senior executive when the company was mid-sale. They had no idea what the new owner would do with it once it passed into his ownership, and wisely, they didn’t want an expensive redundancy. So they gave you Hyde’s job to caretake until the new owner” —he pauses, and his lips twitch in an ironic smile—“namely me, took over.” Holy crap! “What are you saying?” So it was because of him. Fuck! I’m horrified. He smiles and shakes his head at my alarm. “Relax. You’ve more than risen to the challenge. You’ve done very well.” There’s the tiniest hint of pride in his voice, and it’s almost my undoing. “Oh,” I murmur incoherently, reeling from this news. I sit right back in my chair, open-mouthed, staring at him. He shifts again. “I don’t want to suffocate you, Ana. I don’t want to put you in a gilded cage. Well . . .” He pauses, his face darkening. “Well, the rational part of me doesn’t.” He strokes his chin thoughtfully as his mind concocts some plan. Oh, where is he going with this? Christian looks up suddenly, as if he’s had a eureka moment. “So one of the reasons I’m here—apart from dealing with my errant wife,” he says, narrowing his eyes, “is to discuss what I am going to do with this company.” Errant wife! I am not errant, and I’m not an asset! I scowl at Christian again and the threat of tears subsides. “So what are your plans?” I incline my head to one side, mirroring him, and I can’t help my sarcastic tone. His lips twitch with the hint of a smile. Jeez—change of mood, again! How can I ever keep up with Mr. Mercurial? “I’m renaming the company—to Grey Publishing.” Holy shit. “And in a year’s time, it will be yours.” My mouth drops open once more—wider this time. “This is my wedding present to you.” I shut my mouth then open it, trying to articulate something—but there’s nothing there. My mind is blank. “So, do I need to change the name to Steele Publishing?” He’s serious. Holy fuck. “Christian,” I whisper when my brain finally reconnects with my mouth. “You gave me a watch . . . I can’t run a business.” He tilts his head to one side again and gives me a censorious frown. “I ran my own business from the age of twenty-one.” “But you’re . . . you. Control freak and whiz-kid extraordinaire. Jeez Christian, you majored in economics at Harvard before you dropped out. At least you have some idea. I sold paint and cable ties for three years on a part-time basis, for heaven’s sake. I’ve seen so little of the world, and I know next to nothing!” My voice rises, growing louder and higher, as I complete my tirade. “You’re also the most well-read person I know,” he counters earnestly. “You love a good book. You couldn’t leave your job while we were on our honeymoon. You read how many manuscripts? Four?” “Five,” I whisper. “And you wrote full reports on all of them. You’re a very bright woman, Anastasia. I’m sure you’ll manage.” “Are you crazy?”
“Crazy for you,” he whispers. And I snort because it’s the only expression my body can make. He narrows his eyes. “You’ll be a laughing stock. Buying a company for the little woman, who has only had a full time job for a few months of her adult life.” “Do you think I give a fuck what people think? Besides, you won’t be on your own.” I gape at him. He really has lost his marbles this time. “Christian, I . . .” I put my head in my hands —my emotions have been through a wringer. Is he crazy? And from somewhere dark and deep inside I have the sudden, inappropriate need to laugh. When I look up at him again, his eyes widen. “Something amusing you, Ms. Steele?” “Yes. You.” His eyes widen further, shocked but also amused. “Laughing at your husband? That will never do. And you’re biting your lip.” His eyes darken . . . in that way. Oh no—I know that look. Sultry, seductive, salacious . . . No, no, no! Not here. “Don’t even think about it,” I warn, alarm clear in my voice. “Think about what, Anastasia?” “I know that look. We’re at work.” He leans forward, his eyes glued to mine, molten gray and hungry. Holy shit! I swallow instinctively. “We’re in a small, reasonably sound-proofed office with a lockable door.” “Gross moral turpitude.” I enunciate each word carefully. “Not with your husband.” “With my boss’s boss’s boss,” I hiss. “You’re my wife.” “Christian, no. I mean it. You can fuck me seven shades of Sunday this evening. But not now. Not here!” He blinks and narrows his eyes once more. Then unexpectedly he laughs. “Seven shades of Sunday?” He arches an eyebrow, intrigued. “I may hold you to that, Ms. Steele.” “Oh, stop with the Ms. Steele!” I snap and thump the desk, startling us both. “For heaven’s sake, Christian. If it means so much to you, I’ll change my name!” His mouth pops open as he inhales sharply. And then he grins, a radiant, all-teeth-showing, joyous grin. Wow . . . “Good.” He claps his hands, and all of a sudden he stands. What now? “Mission accomplished. Now, I have work to do. If you’ll excuse me, Mrs. Grey.” Gah—this man is so maddening! “But—” “But what, Mrs. Grey?” I sag. “Just go.” “I intend to. I’ll see you this evening. I’m looking forward to seven shades of Sunday.” I scowl. “Oh, and I have a stack of business-related social engagements coming up, and I’d like you to accompany me.” I gape at him. Will you just go? “I’ll have Andrea call Hannah to put the dates in your calendar. There are some people you need to meet. You should get Hannah to handle your schedule from now on.” “Okay,” I mumble, completely bemused, bewildered and shell-shocked. He leans over my desk. What now? I am caught in his hypnotic gaze.
“Love doing business with you, Mrs. Grey.” He leans in closer as I sit paralyzed, and he plants a soft tender kiss on my lips. “Laters, baby,” he murmurs. He stands abruptly, winks at me, and leaves. I lay my head on my desk, feeling like I’ve been run over by a freight train—the freight train that is my beloved husband. He has to be the most frustrating, annoying, contrary man on the planet. I sit up and frantically rub my eyes. What have I just agreed to? Okay, Ana Grey running SIP—I mean, Grey Publishing. The man is insane. There’s a knock on the door, and Hannah pokes her head around. “You okay?” she asks. I just stare at her. She frowns. “I know you don’t like me doing this—but can I make you some tea?” I nod. “Twinings English Breakfast, weak and black?” I nod. “Coming right up, Ana.” I stare blankly at my computer screen, still in shock. How can I make him understand? E-mail! From: Anastasia Steele Subject: NOT AN ASSET! Date: August 22, 2011 14:23 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey Next time you come and see me, make an appointment, so I can at least have some prior warning of your adolescent overbearing megalomania. Yours Anastasia Grey <-----please note name. Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Seven Shades of Sunday Date: August 22, 2011 14:34 To: Anastasia Steele My Dear Mrs. Grey (emphasis on My) What can I say in my defense? I was in the neighborhood. And no, you are not an asset, you are my beloved wife. As ever, you make my day. Christian Grey CEO & Overbearing Megalomaniac, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. He’s trying to be funny, but I am in no mood to laugh. I take a deep breath and go back to my correspondence. Christian is quiet when I climb into the car that evening. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi,” he responds, warily—as he should. “Disrupt anyone else’s work today?” I ask too sweetly. A ghost of a smile crosses his face. “Only Flynn’s.” Oh. “Next time you go to see him, I’ll give you a list of topics I want covered,” I hiss at him.
“You seem out of sorts, Mrs. Grey.” I glare steadily at the backs of Ryan and Sawyer’s heads in front of me. Christian shifts beside me. “Hey,” he says softly and reaches for my hand. All afternoon, when I should have been concentrating on work, I was trying to figure out what to say to him. But I became angrier and angrier with each passing hour. I’ve had enough of his cavalier, petulant, and frankly childish behavior. I snatch my hand out of his—in a cavalier, petulant, and childish manner. “You’re mad at me?” he whispers. “Yes,” I hiss. Folding my arms protectively across my body, I gaze out my window. He shifts beside me once more, but I will myself not to look at him. I don’t understand why I’m so mad at him —but I am. Really fucking mad. As soon as we pull up outside Escala, I break protocol and leap out of the car with my briefcase. I stomp into the building, not checking to see who is following. Ryan scuttles into the foyer behind me and dashes to the elevator to press the call button. “What?” I snap when I’m alongside him. His cheeks redden. “Apologies, ma’am,” he mutters. Christian comes and stands beside me to wait for the elevator, and Ryan retreats. “So it’s not just me you’re mad at?” Christian murmurs dryly. I glare up at him and see a trace of a smile on his face. “Are you laughing at me?” I narrow my eyes. “I wouldn’t dare,” he says, holding his hands up like I’m threatening him at gunpoint. He’s in his navy suit, looking crisp and clean with floppy sex-hair and a guileless expression. “You need a haircut,” I mutter. Turning away from him, I step into the elevator. “Do I?” he says while brushing his hair off his forehead. He follows me in. “Yes.” I tap the code for our apartment into the keypad. “So you’re talking to me now?” “Just.” “What exactly are you mad about? I need an indication,” he asks cautiously. I turn and gape at him. “Do you really have no idea? Surely, for someone so bright, you must have an inkling? I can’t believe you’re that obtuse.” He takes an alarmed step back. “You really are mad. I thought we had sorted all this in your office,” he murmurs, perplexed. “Christian, I just capitulated to your petulant demands. That’s all.” The elevator doors open and I storm out. Taylor is standing in the hallway. He takes a step back and quickly shuts his mouth as I steam past him. “Hi, Taylor,” I mutter. “Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs. Dropping my briefcase in the hallway, I head into the great room. Mrs. Jones is at the stove. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey.” “Hi, Mrs. Jones,” I mutter once more. I head straight to the fridge and pull out a bottle of white wine. Christian follows me into the kitchen and watches me like a hawk as I take a glass down from the cupboard. He removes his jacket and casually places it on the countertop. “Do you want a drink?” I ask super sweetly. “No thanks,” he says, not taking his eyes off me, and I know that he’s helpless. He does not know what to do with me. It’s comical on one level and tragic on another. Well, screw him! I am having
trouble locating my compassionate self since our meeting this afternoon. Slowly, he removes his tie then opens the top button of his shirt. I pour myself a large glass of sauvignon blanc, and Christian runs a hand through his hair. When I turn around, Mrs. Jones has disappeared. Shit! She’s my human shield. I take a slug of wine. Hmm. It tastes good. “Stop this,” Christian whispers. He takes the two steps between us so he’s standing in front of me. Gently he tucks my hair behind my ear and caresses my earlobe with his fingertips, sending a shiver through me. Is this what I’ve missed all day? His touch? I shake my head, causing him to release my ear and gaze up at him. “Talk to me,” he murmurs. “What’s the point? You don’t listen to me.” “Yes I do. You’re one of the few people I do listen to.” I take another swig of wine. “Is this about your name?” “Yes and no. It’s how you dealt with the fact that I disagreed with you.” I glare up at him, expecting him to be angered. His brow furrows. “Ana, you know I have . . . issues. It’s hard for me to let go where you’re concerned. You know that.” “But I’m not a child, and I’m not an asset.” “I know.” He sighs. “Then stop treating me as though I am,” I whisper, imploring him. He brushes the back of his fingers down my cheek and runs the tip of his thumb across my bottom lip. “Don’t be mad. You’re so precious to me. Like a priceless asset, like a child,” he whispers, a somber reverent expression on his face. His words distract me. Like a child. Precious like a child . . . a child would be precious to him! “I’m neither of those things, Christian. I’m your wife. If you were hurt that I wasn’t going to take your name, you should have said.” “Hurt?” He frowns deeply, and I know that he’s exploring the possibility in his mind. He straightens suddenly, still frowning, and glances quickly at his wristwatch. “The architect will be here in just under an hour. We should eat.” Oh no. I groan inwardly. He hasn’t answered me, and now I have to deal with Gia Matteo. My shitty day just got shittier. I scowl at Christian. “This discussion isn’t finished,” I mutter. “What else is there to discuss?” “You could sell the company.” Christian snorts. “Sell it?” “Yes.” “You think I’d find a buyer in today’s market?” “How much did it cost you?” “It was relatively cheap.” His tone is guarded. “So if it folds?” He smirks. “We’ll survive. But I won’t let it fold, Anastasia. Not while you’re there.” “And if I leave?” “And do what?” “I don’t know. Something else.”
“You’ve already said this is your dream job. And forgive me if I’m wrong, but I promised before God, Reverend Walsh, and a congregation of our nearest and dearest to cherish you, uphold your hopes and dreams, and keep you safe at my side.” “Quoting your wedding vows to me is not playing fair.” “I’ve never promised to play fair where you’re concerned. Besides,” he adds, “you’ve wielded your vows at me like a weapon before.” I scowl at him. This is true. “Anastasia, if you’re still angry with me, take it out on me in bed later.” His voice is suddenly low and full of sensual longing, his eyes heated. What? Bed? How? He smiles indulgently down at my expression. Is he expecting me to tie him up? Holy crap! My inner goddess removes her iPod earbuds and starts listening with rapt attention. “Seven shades of Sunday,” he whispers. “Looking forward to it.” Whoa! “Gail!” he shouts abruptly, and four seconds later, Mrs. Jones appears. Where was she? Taylor’s office? Listening? Oh jeez. “Mr. Grey?” “We’d like to eat now, please.” “Very good, sir.” Christian doesn’t take his eyes off me. He watches me vigilantly as if I’m some exotic creature about to bolt. I take a sip of my wine. “I think I’ll join you in a glass,” he says, sighing, and runs a hand through his hair again. “You’re not going to finish?” “No.” I gaze down at my barely touched plate of fettuccini to avoid Christian’s darkening expression. Before he can say anything, I stand and clear our plates from the dining table. “Gia will be with us shortly,” I mutter. Christian’s mouth twists in an unhappy scowl, but he says nothing. “I’ll take those, Mrs. Grey,” says Mrs. Jones as I walk into the kitchen. “Thank you.” “You didn’t like it?” she asks, concerned. “It was fine. I’m just not hungry.” Giving me a small sympathetic smile, she turns to clear my plate and put everything in the dishwasher. “I’m going to make a couple of calls,” Christian announces, giving me an assessing look before he disappears into his study. I let out a sigh of relief and head to our bedroom. Dinner was awkward. I’m still mad at Christian, and he doesn’t seem to think he’s done anything wrong. Has he? My subconscious cocks an eyebrow at me and gazes benignly over her half-moon glasses. Yes, he has. He’s made it even more awkward for me at work. He didn’t wait to discuss this issue with me when we were in the relative privacy of our own home. How would he feel if I came barging into his office, laying down the law? And to cap it all, he wants to give me SIP! How the hell could I run a company? I know next to nothing about business. I gaze out at the Seattle skyline bathed in the pearly pink light of dusk. And as usual, he wants to solve our differences in the bedroom . . . um . . . foyer . . . playroom . . . TV room . . . kitchen
countertop . . . Stop! It always comes back to sex with him. Sex is his coping mechanism. I wander into the bathroom and scowl at my reflection in the mirror. Coming back to the real world is hard. We managed to skate over all our differences while we were in our bubble because we were so wrapped up in each other. But now? Briefly I am dragged back to my wedding, remembering my concerns that day—marry in haste . . . No, I mustn’t think like this. I knew he was Fifty Shades when I married him. I just have to hang in there and try to talk this through with him. I squint at myself in the mirror. I look pale, and now I have that woman to deal with. I’m wearing my gray pencil skirt and a sleeveless blouse. Right! My inner goddess gets out her harlot-red nail polish. I undo two buttons, exposing a little cleavage. I wash my face then carefully redo my makeup, applying more mascara than usual and putting extra gloss on my lips. Bending down, I then brush my hair vigorously from root to tip. When I stand, my hair is a chestnut haze around me that tumbles to my breasts. I tuck it artfully behind my ears and go in search of my pumps, rather than my flats. When I reemerge into the great room, Christian has the house plans spread out on the dining table. He has music playing through the sound system. It stops me in my tracks. “Mrs. Grey,” he says warmly then looks quizzically at me. “What’s this?” I ask. The music is stunning. “Fauré’s Requiem. You look different,” he says, distracted. “Oh. I’ve not heard it before.” “It’s very calming, relaxing,” he says and raises an eyebrow. “Have you done something to your hair?” “Brushed it,” I mutter. I’m transported by the haunting voices. Abandoning the plans on the table, he walks toward me, a slow saunter in time to the music. “Dance with me?” he murmurs. “To this? It’s a requiem.” I squeak, shocked. “Yes.” He pulls me into his arms and holds me, burying his nose in my hair and swaying gently from side to side. He smells his heavenly self. Oh . . . I’ve missed him. I wrap my arms around him and fight the urge to cry. Why are you so infuriating? “I hate fighting with you,” he whispers. “Well, stop being such an arse.” He chuckles and the captivating sound reverberates through his chest. He tightens his hold on me. “Arse?” “Ass.” “I prefer arse.” “You should. It suits you.” He laughs once more and kisses the top of my head. “A requiem?” I murmur a little shocked that we are dancing to it. He shrugs. “It’s just a lovely piece of music, Ana.” Taylor coughs discreetly at the entranceway, and Christian releases me. “Miss Matteo is here,” he says. Oh joy! “Show her in,” Christian says. He reaches over and clasps my hand as Miss Gia Matteo enters the room.
Gia Matteo is a good-looking woman—a tall, good-looking woman. She wears her short, salonblond, perfectly layered and coiffed hair like a sophisticated crown. She’s dressed in a pale gray pantsuit; the slacks and fitted jacket hug her lush curves. Her clothes look expensive. At the base of her throat, a solitary diamond glints, matching the single-carat studs in her ears. She is well groomed —one of those women who grew up with money and breeding, though her breeding seems to be lacking this evening; her pale blue blouse is undone too far. Like mine. I flush. “Christian. Ana.” She beams, showing perfect white teeth, and holds out a manicured hand to shake first Christian’s, then my hand. It means I have to release Christian’s hand to reciprocate. She’s a fraction shorter than Christian, but then she’s in killer heels. “Gia,” Christian says politely. I smile coolly. “You both look so well after your honeymoon,” she says smoothly, her brown eyes gazing at Christian through long mascaraed lashes. Christian puts his arm around me, holding me close. “We had a wonderful time, thank you.” He brushes his lips against my temple, taking me by surprise. See . . . he’s mine. Annoying—infuriating, even—but mine. I grin. Right now I really love you, Christian Grey. I slip my hand around his waist then into his rear pocket of his pants and squeeze his behind. Gia gives us a thin smile. “Have you managed to look over the plans?” “We have,” I murmur. I gaze up at Christian, who grins down at me, one eyebrow raised in wry amusement. Amused at what? My reaction to Gia or me squeezing his butt? “Please,” Christian says. “The plans are here.” He gestures toward the dining table. Taking my hand, he leads me to it, Gia following in our wake. I finally remember my manners. “Would you like something to drink?” I ask. “A glass of wine?” “That would be lovely,” Gia says. “Dry white if you have it.” Shit! Sauvignon blanc—that’s a dry white, isn’t it? Reluctantly leaving my husband’s side, I head over to the kitchen. I hear the iPod hiss as Christian switches off the music. “Would you like some more wine, Christian?” I call. “Please, baby,” he croons, grinning at me. Wow, he can be so swoonworthy at times yet so aggravating at others. Reaching up to open the cupboard, I’m aware his eyes are on me, and I’m gripped by the uncanny
feeling that Christian and I are putting on a show, playing a game together—but this time we’re on the same side pitted against Ms. Matteo. Does he know that she’s attracted to him and is being too obvious about it? It gives me a small rush of pleasure when I realize maybe he’s trying to reassure me. Or maybe he’s just sending a message loud and clear to this woman that he’s taken. Mine. Yeah, bitch—mine. My inner goddess is wearing her gladiatrix outfit, and she’s taking no prisoners. Smiling to myself I collect three glasses from the cupboard, take the opened bottle of sauvignon blanc from the fridge, and place them all on the breakfast bar. Gia is leaning over the table while Christian stands beside her and points at something on the plans. “I think Ana has some opinions on the glass wall, but generally we’re both pleased with the ideas you’ve come up with.” “Oh, I’m glad,” Gia gushes, obviously relieved, and as she says it, she briefly touches his arm in a small, flirty gesture. Christian stiffens immediately but subtly. She doesn’t even seem to notice. Leave him the fuck alone, lady. He doesn’t like to be touched. Stepping casually aside so he’s out of her reach, Christian turns to me. “Thirsty here,” he says. “Coming right up.” He is playing the game. She makes him uncomfortable. Why didn’t I see that before? That’s why I don’t like her. He’s used to how women react to him. I’ve seen it often enough, and usually he thinks nothing of it. Touching is something else. Well, Mrs. Grey to the rescue. I hastily pour the wine, gather all three glasses in my hands, and hurry back to my knight in distress. Offering a glass to Gia, I deliberately position myself between them. She smiles courteously as she accepts it. I hand the second to Christian, who takes it eagerly, his expression one of amused gratitude. “Cheers,” Christian says to us both, but looking at me. Gia and I raise our glasses and answer in unison. I take a welcome sip of wine. “Ana, you have some issues with the glass wall?” Gia asks. “Yes. I love it—don’t get me wrong. But I was hoping that we could incorporate it more organically into the house. After all, I fell in love with the house as it was, and I don’t want to make any radical changes.” “I see.” “I just want the design to be sympathetic, you know . . . more in keeping with the original house.” I glance up at Christian, who is gazing at me thoughtfully. “No major renovations?” he murmurs. “No.” I shake my head to emphasize my point. “You like it as it is?” “Mostly, yes. I always knew it just needed some TLC.” Christian’s eyes glow warmly. Gia glances at the pair of us, and her cheeks pink. “Okay,” she says. “I think I get where you’re coming from, Ana. How about if we retain the glass wall, but have it open out onto a larger deck that’s in keeping with the Mediterranean style. We have the stone terrace there already. We can put in pillars in matching stone, widely spaced so you’ll still have the view. Add a glass roof, or tile it as per the rest of the house. It’ll also make a sheltered al fresco dining and seated area.” Got to give the woman her due . . . she’s good. “Or instead of the deck, we could incorporate a wood color of your choice into the glass doors— that might help to keep the Mediterranean spirit,” she continues. “Like the bright blue shutters in the South of France,” I murmur to Christian, who is watching me intently. He takes a sip of wine and shrugs, very noncommittal. Hmm. He doesn’t like that idea but he
doesn’t overrule me, shoot me down, or make me feel stupid. God, this man is a mass of contradictions. His words from yesterday come to mind: “I want this house to be the way you want. Whatever you want. It’s yours.” He wants me to be happy—happy in everything I do. Deep down I think I know this. It’s just—I stop myself. Don’t think about our argument now . My subconscious glares at me. Gia is looking at Christian, waiting for him to make the decision. I watch as her pupils dilate and her glossed lips part. Her tongue darts quickly over her top lip before she takes a sip of her wine. When I turn to Christian, he’s still looking at me—not at her at all. Yes! My inner goddess fist pumps the air. I am going to have words with Ms. Matteo. “Ana, what do you want to do?” Christian murmurs, very clearly deferring to me. “I like the deck idea.” “Me, too.” I turn back to Gia. Hey, lady, look at me, not him. I’m the one making the decisions on this. “I think I’d like to see revised drawings showing the bigger deck and pillars that are in keeping with the house.” Reluctantly, Gia drags her greedy eyes away from my husband and smiles down at me. Does she think I’m not going to notice? “Sure,” she acquiesces pleasantly. “Any other issues?” Other than you eye-fucking my husband? “Christian wants to remodel the master suite,” I murmur. There’s a discreet cough from the entrance to the great room. We three turn as one to find Taylor standing there. “Taylor?” Christian asks. “I need to confer with you on an urgent matter, Mr. Grey.” Christian clasps my shoulders from behind and addresses Gia. “Mrs. Grey is in charge of this project. She has absolute carte blanche. Whatever she wants, it’s hers. I completely trust her instincts. She’s very shrewd.” His voice alters subtly. In it I hear pride and a veiled warning—a warning to Gia? He trusts my instincts? Oh, this man’s exasperating. My instincts let him run roughshod over my feelings this afternoon. I shake my head in frustration but I’m grateful that he’s telling Miss Provocative-And-Unfortunately-Good-At-Her-Job just who’s in charge. I caress his hand as it rests on my shoulder. “If you’ll excuse me.” Christian squeezes my shoulders before following Taylor. I wonder idly what’s going on. “So . . . the master suite?” Gia asks nervously. I gaze up at her, pausing for a moment to ensure that Christian and Taylor are out of earshot. Then calling on all my inner strength and the fact that I’ve been seriously piqued for the last five hours, I let her have it. “You’re right to be nervous, Gia, because right now your work on this project hangs in the balance. But I’m sure we’ll be fine as long as you keep your hands off my husband.” She gasps. “Otherwise, you’re fired. Understand?” I enunciate each word clearly. She blinks rapidly, utterly stunned. She cannot believe what I’ve said. I cannot believe what I’ve just said. But I hold my ground, gazing impassively into her widening brown eyes. Don’t back down. Don’t back down! I’ve learned this maddening impassive expression from Christian who does impassive like no one else. I know that renovating the Greys’ main residence is a
prestigious project for Gia’s architectural firm—a resplendent feather in her cap. She can’t lose this commission. And right now I don’t give a hoot that she’s Elliot’s friend. “Ana—Mrs. Grey . . . I-I’m so sorry. I never—” She flushes, unsure what else she can say. “Let me be clear. My husband is not interested in you.” “Of course,” she murmurs, the blood draining from her face. “As I said, I just wanted to be clear.” “Mrs. Grey, I sincerely apologize if you think . . . I have—” She stops, still floundering for something to say. “Good. As long as we understand each other, we’ll be fine. Now, I’ll let you know what we have in mind for the master suite, then I’d like a run down on all the materials you intend to use. As you know, Christian and I are determined that this house should be ecologically sustainable, and I’d like to reassure him as to where all the materials are coming from and what they are.” “Of c-course,” she stutters, wide-eyed and frankly a little intimidated by me. This is a first. My inner goddess runs around the arena, waving to the frenzied crowd. Gia pats her hair into place, and I realize this is a nervous gesture. “The master suite?” she prompts anxiously, her voice a breathless whisper. Now that I have the upper hand, I feel myself relax for the first time since my meeting with Christian this afternoon. I can do this. My inner goddess is celebrating her inner bitch. Christian joins us just as we’re finishing up. “All done?” he asks. He puts his arm around my waist and turns to Gia. “Yes, Mr. Grey,” Gia smiles brightly, though her smile looks brittle. “I’ll have the revised plans to you in a couple of days.” “Excellent. You’re happy?” he asks me directly, his eyes warm and probing. I nod and blush for some reason that I don’t understand. “I’d better be going,” Gia says again too brightly. She offers her hand to me first this time, then to Christian. “Until next time, Gia,” I murmur. “Yes, Mrs. Grey. Mr. Grey.” Taylor appears at the entrance of the great room. “Taylor will see you out.” My voice is loud enough for him to hear. Patting her hair once more, she turns on her high heels and leaves the great room, followed closely by Taylor. “She was noticeably cooler,” Christian says, looking quizzically at me. “Was she? I didn’t notice.” I shrug, trying to remain neutral. “What did Taylor want?” I ask partly because I’m curious and partly because I want to change the subject. Frowning, Christian releases me and begins to roll up the plans on the table. “It was about Hyde.” “What about Hyde?” I whisper. “It’s nothing to worry about, Ana.” Abandoning the plans, Christian draws me into his arms. “It turns out he hasn’t been in his apartment for weeks, that’s all.” He kisses my hair, then releases me and finishes his task. “So what did you decide on?” he asks, and I know it’s because he doesn’t want me to pursue the Hyde line of inquiry. “Only what you and I discussed. I think she likes you,” I say quietly. He snorts. “Did you say something to her?” he asks and I flush. How does he know? At a loss what to say, I stare down at my fingers.
“We were Christian and Ana when she arrived, and Mr. and Mrs. Grey when she left.” His tone is dry. “I may have said something,” I mumble. When I peek up at him, he’s regarding me warmly, and for an unguarded moment he looks . . . pleased. He drops his gaze, shaking his head, and his expression changes. “She’s only reacting to this face.” He sounds vaguely bitter, disgusted even. Oh, Fifty, no! “What?” He’s bemused by my perplexed expression. His eyes grow wide in alarm. “You’re not jealous, are you?” he asks, horrified. I blush and swallow, then stare down at my knotted fingers. Am I? “Ana, she’s a sexual predator. Not my type at all. How can you be jealous of her? Of anyone? Nothing about her interests me.” When I glance up, he’s gaping at me as if I’ve grown an additional limb. He runs a hand through his hair. “It’s only you, Ana,” he says quietly. “It will only ever be you.” Oh my. Abandoning the plans once more, Christian moves toward me and clasps my chin between his thumb and forefinger. “How can you think otherwise? Have I ever given you any indication that I could be remotely interested in anyone else?” His eyes blaze as he stares into mine. “No,” I whisper. “I’m being silly. It’s just today . . . you . . .” All my conflicting emotions from earlier resurfaces. How can I tell him how confused I am? I’ve been confounded and frustrated by his behavior this afternoon in my office. One minute he wants me to stay at home, the next he’s gifting me a company. How am I supposed to keep up? “What about me?” “Oh, Christian”—my bottom lip trembles—“I’m trying to adapt to this new life that I had never imagined for myself. Everything is being handed to me on a plate—the job, you, my beautiful husband, who I never . . . I never knew I’d love this way, this hard, this fast, this . . . indelibly.” I take a deep steadying breath, as his mouth drops open. “But you’re like a freight train, and I don’t want to get railroaded because the girl you fell in love with will be crushed. And what’ll be left? All that would be left is a vacuous social x-ray, flitting from charity function to charity function.” I pause once more, struggling to find the words to convey how I feel. “And now you want me to be a company CEO, which has never even been on my radar. I’m bouncing between all these ideas, struggling. You want me at home. You want me to run a company. It’s so confusing.” I stop, tears threatening, and I force back a sob. “You’ve got to let me make my own decisions, take my own risks, and make my own mistakes, and let me learn from them. I need to walk before I can run, Christian, don’t you see. I want some independence. That’s what my name means to me.” There, that’s what I wanted to say this afternoon. “You feel railroaded?” he whispers. I nod. He closes his eyes and runs his hand through his hair in agitation. “I just want to give you the world, Ana, everything and anything you want. And save you from it, too. Keep you safe. But I also want everyone to know you’re mine. I panicked today when I got your e-mail. Why didn’t you tell me about your name?” I flush. He has a point. “I only thought about it while we were on our honeymoon, and well, I didn’t want to burst the bubble, and I forgot about it. I only remembered yesterday evening. And then Jack . . . you know, it was distracting. I’m sorry, I should have told you or discussed it with you, but I could never seem to
find the right time.” Christian’s intense gaze is unnerving. It’s as if he’s trying to will his way into my skull, but he says nothing. “Why did you panic?” I ask. “I just don’t want you to slip through my fingers.” “For heaven’s sake, I’m not going anywhere. When are you going to get that through your incredibly thick skull? I. Love. You.” I wave my hand in the air like he does sometimes to emphasize my point. “More than . . . eyesight, space, or liberty.”1 His eyes widen. “A daughter’s love?” He gives me an ironic smile. “No,” I laugh, despite myself. “It’s the only quote that came to mind.” “Mad King Lear?” “Dear, dear Mad King Lear.” I caress his face, and he leans into my touch, closing his eyes. “Would you change your name to Christian Steele so everyone would know that you belong to me?” Christian’s eyes fly open, and he gazes at me as if I’ve just said the world is flat. He frowns. “Belong to you?” he murmurs, testing the words. “Mine.” “Yours,” he says, repeating the words we spoke in the playroom only yesterday. “Yes, I would. If it meant that much to you.” Oh my. “Does it mean that much to you?” “Yes.” He is unequivocal. “Okay.” I will do this for him. Give him the reassurance he still needs. “I thought you’d already agreed to this.” “Yes I have, but now we’ve discussed it further, I’m happier with my decision.” “Oh,” he mutters, surprised. Then he smiles his beautiful, boyish yes-I-am-really-kinda-young smile, and he takes my breath away. Grabbing me by my waist, he swings me around. I squeal and start to giggle, and I don’t know if he’s just happy or relieved or . . . what? “Mrs. Grey, do you know what this means to me?” “I do now.” He leans down and kisses me, his fingers moving into my hair, holding me in place. “It means seven shades of Sunday,” he murmurs against my lips, and he runs his nose along mine. “You think?” I lean back to gaze at him. “Certain promises were made. An offer extended, a deal brokered,” he whispers, his eyes sparkling with wicked delight. “Um . . .” I am still reeling, trying to follow his mood. “You reneging on me?” he asks uncertainly, and a speculative look crosses his face. “I have an idea,” he adds. Oh, what kinky fuckery is this? “A really important matter to attend to,” he continues, suddenly all serious once more. “Yes, Mrs. Grey. A matter of the gravest importance.” Hang on—he’s laughing at me. “What?” I breathe. “I need you to cut my hair. Apparently it’s overlong, and my wife doesn’t like it.” “I can’t cut your hair!” “Yes you can.” Christian grins and shakes his head so his overlong hair covers his eyes.
“Well, if Mrs. Jones has a pudding bowl.” I giggle. He laughs. “Okay, good point well made. I’ll get Franco to do it.” No! Franco works for her? Maybe I could give him a trim. After all, I cut Ray’s hair for years, and he never complained. “Come.” I grab his hand. His eyes widen. I lead him all the way to our bathroom where I release him and grab the white wooden chair that stands in the corner. I place it in front of the sink. When I look at Christian, he’s gazing at me with ill-disguised amusement, thumbs tucked in the front belt loops of his pants but his eyes are smoking hot. “Sit.” I gesture to the empty chair, trying to maintain the upper hand. “Are you going to wash my hair?” I nod. He arches one brow in surprise, and for a moment I think he’s going to back down. “Okay.” Slowly he begins to undo each button of his white shirt, starting with the one beneath his throat. Nimble, deft fingers move to each button in turn until his shirt hangs open. Oh my . . . My inner goddess pauses in her celebratory jaunt around the arena. Christian holds out a cuff with an “undo this now” gesture, and his mouth twitches in that challenging, sexy way he has. Oh, cufflinks. I take his proffered wrist and remove the first one, a platinum disc with his initials engraved in a simple italic script—and then remove its matching twin. As I finish I glance at him, and his amused expression is gone, replaced by something hotter . . . much hotter. I reach up and push his shirt off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. “Ready?” I whisper. “For whatever you want, Ana.” My eyes stray from his eyes to his lips. Parted so that he can inhale more deeply. Sculptured, chiseled, whatever, it is a beautiful mouth and he knows exactly what to do with it. I find myself leaning up to kiss him. “No,” he says and places both of his hands on my shoulders. “Don’t. If you do that, I’ll never get my hair cut.” Oh!“I want this,” he continues. And his eyes are round and raw for some inexplicable reason. It’s disarming. “Why?” I whisper. He stares at me for a beat, and his eyes grow wider. “Because it’ll make me feel cherished.” My heart practically lurches to a halt. Oh, Christian . . . my Fifty. And before I know it I’ve circled him in my arms, and I kiss his chest before nuzzling my cheek into his tickly chest hair. “Ana. My Ana,” he whispers. He wraps his arms around me and we stand immobile, holding each other in our bathroom. Oh, how I love to be in his arms. Even if he is an overbearing, megalomaniac arse, he’s my overbearing megalomaniac arse in need of a lifetime dose of TLC. I lean back without releasing him. “You really want me to do this?” He nods and gives me his shy smile. I grin back at him and step out of his embrace. “Then sit,” I repeat. He dutifully does, sitting with his back to the sink. I take off my shoes and kick them over to where his shirt lies crumpled on the bathroom floor. From the shower I retrieve his Chanel shampoo. We bought it in France. “Would sir like this?” I hold it up in both hands like I’m selling it on QVC. “Hand-delivered from the South of France. I like the smell of this . . . it smells of you,” I add in a whisper, slipping out of my
television presenter mode. “Please.” He grins. I grab a small towel off the towel warmer. Mrs. Jones sure knows how to keep the towels supersoft. “Lean forward,” I order and Christian complies. Draping the towel around his shoulders, I then turn on the taps and fill the sink with a mix of warm water. “Lean back.” Oh, I like being in charge. Christian leans back, but he’s too tall. He shifts the seat forward then tilts back the entire chair until the top rests against the sink. Perfect distance. He tips back his head. Bold eyes gaze up at me, and I smile. Taking one of the drinking glasses we keep on the vanity, I dip it into the water and tip it over Christian’s head, soaking his hair. I repeat the process, leaning over him. “You smell so good, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and closes his eyes. As I methodically wet his hair, I freely gaze at him. Holy cow. Will I ever tire of this? Long dark lashes fan across his cheeks; his lips part a little, creating a small, dark diamond shape, and he inhales softly. Hmm . . . how I long to poke my tongue— I splash water into his eyes. Shit! “Sorry!” He grabs the corner of the towel and laughs as he wipes the water out of his eyes. “Hey, I know I’m an arse, but don’t drown me.” I lean down and kiss his forehead, giggling. “Don’t tempt me.” He curls his hand behind my head and shifts so that he captures my lips with his. He kisses me briefly, making a low contented sound in his throat. The noise connects to the muscles deep in my belly. It’s a very seductive sound. He releases me and lies back obediently, gazing up at me with expectation. For a moment he looks vulnerable, like a child. It tugs at my heart. I squirt some shampoo into my palm and massage it into his scalp, beginning at his temples and working over the top of his head and down the sides, circling my fingers rhythmically. He closes his eyes again and makes that low humming sound again. “That feels good,” he says after a moment and relaxes beneath the firm touch of my fingers. “Yes it does.” I kiss his forehead once more. “I like it when you scratch my scalp with your fingernails.” His eyes are still closed, but his expression one of blissful contentment—no trace of his vulnerability remains. Jeez, how much his mood has changed, and I take comfort knowing it’s me that’s done this. “Head up,” I command and he obeys. Hmm—a girl could get used to this. I rub the suds into the back of his hair, scraping my nails into his scalp. “Back.” He leans back, and I rinse off the lather, using the glass. This time I manage not to splash him. “Once more?” I ask. “Please.” His eyes flutter open and his serene gaze finds mine. I grin down at him. “Coming right up, Mr. Grey.” I turn to the sink that Christian normally uses and fill it with warm water. “For rinsing,” I say when his look turns quizzical. I repeat the process with the shampoo, listening to his even deep breaths. Once he’s all lathered up, I take another moment to appreciate the fine face of my husband. I cannot resist him. Tenderly, I caress his cheek, and he opens his eyes, watching me almost sleepily through his long lashes. Leaning forward I plant a soft, chaste kiss on his lips. He smiles, closes his eyes, and breathes out a sigh of utter contentment.
Jeez. Who would have thought after our argument this afternoon he could be this relaxed? Without sex? I lean right over him. “Hmm,” he murmurs appreciatively as my breasts brush his face. Resisting the urge to shimmy, I pull the plug so the sudsy water drains away. His hands move to my hips and around to my behind. “No fondling the help,” I murmur, feigning disapproval. “Don’t forget I’m deaf,” he says, keeping his eyes closed, as he runs his hands down past my behind and starts to hitch up my skirt. I swat his arm. I’m enjoying playing hairdresser. He grins, big and boyish, like I’ve caught him doing something illicit that he’s secretly proud of. I reach for the glass again, but this time use the water from the neighboring sink to carefully rinse all the shampoo from his hair. I continue to lean over him, and he keeps his hands on my backside, thrumming his fingers back and forward, up and down . . . back and forth . . . hmm. I wiggle. He growls low in his throat. “There. All rinsed.” “Good,” he declares. His fingers tighten on my behind, and all at once he sits up, his soaked hair dripping all over him. He pulls me down onto his lap, his hands moving from my behind up to the nape of my neck, then to my chin, holding me in place. I gasp with surprise and his lips are on mine, his tongue hot and hard in my mouth. My fingers curl around his wet hair, and drops of water run down my arms; and as he deepens the kiss, his hair bathes my face. His hand moves from my chin down to the top button of my blouse. “Enough of this primping. I want to fuck you seven shades of Sunday, and we can do it in here or in the bedroom. You decide.” Christian’s eyes blaze, hot and full of promise, his hair dripping water onto us both. My mouth goes dry. “What’s it to be, Anastasia?” he asks as he holds in his lap. “You’re wet,” I respond. He bends his head suddenly, running his dripping hair all down the front of my blouse. I squeal and try to wriggle off him. He tightens his grip around me. “Oh, no you don’t, baby,” he murmurs. When he raises his head he’s grinning salaciously at me, and I am Miss Wet Blouse 2011. My top is soaked and totally see-through. I’m wet . . . everywhere. “Love the view,” he murmurs and leans down to run his nose around and around one wet nipple. I squirm. “Answer me, Ana. Here or the bedroom?” “Here,” I whisper frantically. To hell with the haircut—I’ll do it later. He smiles slowly, his lips curling into a sensuous smile full of licentious promise. “Good choice, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs against my lips. He releases my chin and his hand moves to my knee. It glides smoothly up my leg, lifting my skirt and skating over my skin, making me tingle. His lips trail soft kisses from the base of my ear along my jaw. “Oh, what shall I do to you?” he whispers. His fingers halt at my stocking tops. “I like these,” he says. He runs a finger underneath the top and skims it around to my inner thigh. I gasp and squirm once more in his lap. He groans, low in his throat. “If I’m going to fuck you seven shades of Sunday, I want you to keep still.” “Make me,” I challenge, my voice soft and breathy. Christian inhales sharply. He narrows his eyes and regards me with a hot, hooded expression. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. You have only to ask.” His hand moves from my stocking tops up to my panties.
“Let’s divest you of these.” He tugs gently and I shift to help him. His breath hisses through his teeth as I do. “Keep still,” he grumbles. “I’m helping,” I pout, and he seizes my lower lip gently between his teeth. “Still,” he growls. He slides my panties down my legs and off. Tugging my skirt up so that it’s bunched around my hips, he moves both hands to my waist and lifts me. He still has my panties in his hand. “Sit. Astride me,” he orders staring intently into my eyes. I shift, straddling him, and regard him provocatively. Bring it on, Fifty! “Mrs. Grey,” he warns “Are you goading me?” He gazes at me, amused but aroused. It’s a seductive combination. “Yes. What are you going to do about it?” His eyes light up with salacious delight at my challenge, and I feel his arousal beneath me. “Clasp your hands together behind your back.” Oh! I comply obediently and, he deftly binds my wrists together with my panties. “My panties? Mr. Grey, you have no shame,” I admonish. “Not where you’re concerned, Mrs. Grey, but you know that.” His look is intense and hot. Putting his hands around my waist, he shifts me so I am sitting a little further back on his lap. Water still drips down his neck and over his chest. I want to bend forward and lick the drips off, but it’s trickier now that I am restrained. Christian caresses both of my thighs and skims his hands down to my knees. Gently he pushes them further apart and widens his own legs, holding me in that position. His fingers move to the buttons of my blouse. “I don’t think we need this,” he says. He starts methodically undoing each button on my clinging wet blouse, his eyes never leaving mine. They get darker and darker as he finishes the task, taking his own sweet time about it. My pulse quickens and my breathing shallows. I can’t believe it—he’s hardly touched me, and I feel like this—hot, bothered . . . ready. I want to squirm. He leaves my damp blouse hanging open and using both hands, he caresses my face with his fingers, his thumb skimming across my bottom lip. Suddenly, he thrusts his thumb into my mouth. “Suck,” he orders in a whisper, stressing the S. I close my mouth around him and do exactly that. Oh . . . I like this game. He tastes good. What else would I like to suck? The muscles in my belly clench at the thought. His lips part when I scrape my teeth and bite the soft pad of his thumb. He groans and slowly extracts his wet thumb from my mouth and trails it down my chin, down my throat, over my sternum. He hooks it into the cup of my bra and yanks the cup down, freeing my breast. Christian’s gaze never leaves mine. He’s watching each reaction that his touch elicits from me, and I’m watching him. It’s hot. Consuming. Possessive. I love it. He mirrors his actions with his other hand so both my breasts are free and, cupping them gently, he skims each thumb over a nipple, circling slowly, teasing and taunting each one so that they harden and distend beneath his skillful touch. I try, I really try not to move, but my nipples are hotwired to my groin, so I moan and throw my head back, closing my eyes and surrendering to the sweet, sweet torture. “Shh.” Christian’s soothing voice is at odds with the teasing, even-tempo rhythm of his wicked fingers. “Still, baby, still.” Releasing one breast, he reaches up behind me and splays his hand around the nape of my neck. Leaning forward, he takes my now bereft nipple into his mouth and sucks hard, his wet hair tickling me. At the same time, his thumb stops skimming across my other elongated nipple. Instead, he takes it between his thumb and forefinger and tugs and twists it gently.
“Ah! Christian!” I groan and buck forward on his lap. But he doesn’t stop. He continues the slow, leisurely, agonizing tease. And my body is burning as the pleasure takes a darker turn. “Christian, please,” I whimper. “Hmm,” he hums low in his chest. “I want you to come like this.” My nipple gets a brief respite as his words caress my skin, and it’s like he’s calling to a deep, dark part of my psyche that only he knows. When he resumes with his teeth this time, the pleasure is almost intolerable. Moaning loudly, I writhe on his lap, trying to find some precious friction against his pants. I pull uselessly against my restraining panties, itching to touch him, but I’m lost—lost in this treacherous sensation. “Please,” I whisper, pleading, and pleasure flies through my body, from my neck, right down to my legs, to my toes, tightening all in its wake. “You have such beautiful breasts, Ana.” He groans. “One day I’ll fuck them.” What the hell does that mean? Opening my eyes, I gape down at him as he suckles me, my skin singing under his touch. I no longer feel my sodden blouse, his wet hair . . . nothing except the burn. And it burns deliciously hot and low, deep inside me, and all thought evaporates as my body tightens and clenches . . . ready, reaching . . . pining for release. And he doesn’t stop—teasing, pulling, driving me wild. I want . . . I want . . . “Let go,” he breathes—and I do, loudly, my orgasm convulsing through my body, and he stops his sweet torture and wraps his arms around me, clutching me to him as my body spirals down from my climax. When I open my eyes, he is gazing down at me where I rest against his chest. “God, I love to watch you come, Ana.” His voice is full of wonder. “That was . . .” Words fail me. “I know.” He leans forward and kisses me, his hand still at the nape of my neck, holding me just so, angling my head so he can kiss me deeply—with love, with reverence. I am lost in his kiss. He pulls away to draw breath, his eyes the color of a tropical storm. “Now I’m going to fuck you, hard,” he murmurs. Holy cow. Grabbing me around the waist, he lifts me from his thighs down to the edge of his knees and reaches with his right hand for the button on the waistband of his navy pants. He runs the fingers of his left hand up and down my thigh, stopping at my stocking tops each time. He’s watching me intently. We’re face to face and I’m helpless, trussed up in my bra and by my panties, and this has to be one of the most intimate times we’ve had—me sitting on his lap, staring into his beautiful gray eyes. It makes me feel wanton, but also so connected to him—I am not embarrassed or shy. This is Christian, my husband, my lover, my overbearing megalomaniac, my Fifty—the love of my life. He reaches for his zipper, and my mouth goes dry as his erection springs free. He smirks. “You like?” he whispers. “Hmm,” I murmur appreciatively. He wraps his hand around himself and moves it up and down . . . Oh my. I gaze up at him through my lashes. Fuck, he’s so sexy. “You’re biting your lip, Mrs. Grey.” “That’s because I’m hungry.” “Hungry?” His mouth opens in surprise, and his eyes widen a fraction. “Hmm . . .” I agree and lick my lips. He gives me his enigmatic smile and bites his lower lip as he continues to stroke himself. Why is the sight of my husband pleasuring himself such a turn-on? “I see. You should have eaten your dinner.” His tone is mocking and censorious at once. “But maybe I can oblige.” He puts his hands on my waist. “Stand,” he says softly, and I know what he’s
going to do. I get to my feet, my legs no longer shaking. “Kneel.” I do as I’m told and kneel down on the cool tiled floor of the bathroom. He slides forward on the seat of the chair. “Kiss me,” he utters holding his erection. I glance up at him, and he runs his tongue over his top teeth. It’s arousing, very arousing, to see his desire, his naked desire for me and my mouth. Leaning forward, my eyes on his, I kiss the tip of his erection. I watch him inhale sharply and clench his teeth. Christian cups the side of my head, and I run my tongue over the tip, tasting the small bead of dew on the end. Hmm . . . he tastes good. His mouth drops open further as he gasps and I pounce, pulling him into my mouth and sucking hard. “Ah—” The air hisses through his teeth, and he flexes his hips forward, thrusting into my mouth. But I don’t stop. Sheathing my teeth behind my lips, I push down and then pull up on him. He moves both hands so that he fully cups my head, burying his fingers in my hair and slowly eases himself in and out of my mouth, his breathing quickening, growing harsher. I twirl my tongue around his tip and push down again in perfect counterpoint to him. “Jesus, Ana.” He sighs and screws his eyes tightly. He’s lost and it’s heady, his response to me. Me. My inner goddess could light up Escala, she’s so thrilled. And very slowly I draw my lips back, so it’s just my teeth. “Ah!” Christian stops moving. Leaning forward he grabs me and pulls me up onto his lap. “Enough!” he growls. Reaching behind me, he frees my hands with one tug on my panties. I flex my wrists and stare from under my lashes into scorching eyes that gaze back at me with love and longing and lust. And I realize it’s me that wants to fuck him seven shades of Sunday. I want him badly. I want to watch him come apart beneath me. I grab his erection and scoot over him. Placing my other hand on his shoulder, very gently and slowly, I ease myself onto him. He makes a guttural, feral noise deep in his throat and, reaching up, pulls off my blouse letting it fall to the floor. His hands move to my hips. “Still,” he rasps, his hands digging into my flesh. “Please, let me savor this. Savor you.” I stop. Oh my . . . he feels so good inside me. He caresses my face, his eyes wide and wild, his lips parted as he breathes. He flexes beneath me and I moan, closing my eyes. “This is my favorite place,” he whispers. “Inside you. Inside my wife.” Oh fuck. Christian. I cannot hold back. My fingers glide into his wet hair, my lips seek his, and I start to move. Up and down on my toes, savoring him, savoring me. He groans loudly, and his hands are in my hair and around my back, and his tongue invades my mouth greedily, taking all that I willingly give. After all our arguing today, my frustration with him, his with me—we still have this. We will always have this. I love him so much, it’s almost overwhelming. His hands move to my backside and he controls me, moving me up and down, again and again, at his pace—his hot, slick tempo. “Ah,” I groan helplessly into his mouth as I’m carried away. “Yes. Yes, Ana,” he hisses, and I rain kisses on his face, his chin, his jaw, his neck. “Baby,” he breathes, capturing my mouth once more. “Oh, Christian, I love you. I will always love you.” I’m breathless, wanting him to know, wanting him to be sure of me after our battle of wills today. He moans loudly and wraps his arms around me tightly as he climaxes with a mournful sob, and it’s enough—enough to push me over the brink once more. I clutch my arms around his head and let go, and I come around him, tears springing to my eyes because I love him so.
“Hey,” he whispers, tipping my chin back and gazing at me with quiet concern. “Why are you crying? Did I hurt you?” “No,” I mutter reassuringly. He smoothes my hair off my face, wipes away a lone tear with this thumb and tenderly kisses my lips. He is still inside me. He shifts, and I wince as he pulls out of me. “What’s wrong, Ana? Tell me.” I sniff. “It’s just . . . it’s just sometimes I’m overwhelmed by how much I love you,” I whisper. After a beat, he smiles his special shy smile—reserved for me, I think. “You have the same effect on me,” he whispers, and kisses me once more. I smile, and inside my joy unfurls and stretches lazily. “Do I?” He smirks. “You know you do.” “Sometimes I know. Not all the time.” “Back at you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. I grin and gently place feather-light kisses over his chest. I nuzzle his chest hair. Christian caresses my hair and runs a hand down my back. He unclasps my bra and pulls the strap down one arm. I shift, and he tugs the strap down the other arm and drops my bra on the floor. “Hmm. Skin on skin,” he murmurs appreciatively and folds me in his arms again. He kisses my shoulder and runs his nose up to my ear. “You smell like heaven, Mrs. Grey.” “So do you, Mr. Grey.” I nuzzle him again and inhale his Christian smell, which is now mixed with the heady scent of sex. I could stay wrapped in his arms like this, sated and happy, forever. It’s just what I need after a full day of back-to-work, arguing, and bitch slapping. This is where I want to be, and in spite of his control freakery, his megalomania, this is where I belong. Christian buries his nose in my hair and inhales deeply. I let out a contented sigh, and I feel his smile. And we sit, arms clasped around each other, saying nothing. Eventually reality intrudes. “It’s late,” Christian says, his fingers methodically stroking my back. “Your hair still needs cutting.” He chuckles. “That it does, Mrs. Grey. Do you have the energy to finish the job you started?” “For you, Mr. Grey, anything.” I kiss his chest once more and reluctantly stand. “Don’t go.” Grabbing my hips, he turns me around. He straightens then undoes my skirt, letting it drop to the floor. He holds his hand out to me. I take it and step out of my skirt. Now I am dressed solely in stockings and garter belt. “You are a mighty fine sight, Mrs. Grey.” He sits back in the chair and crosses his arms, giving me a full and frank appraisal. I hold out my hands and twirl for him. “God, I’m a lucky son of a bitch,” he says admiringly. “Yes, you are.” He grins. “Put my shirt on and you can cut my hair. Like this, you’ll distract me, and we’ll never get to bed.” I can’t help my answering smile. Knowing that he’s watching my every move, I sashay over to where we left my shoes and his shirt. Bending slowly, I reach down, pick up his shirt, smell it —hmm—then shrug it on. Christian’s eyes are round. He’s redone his fly and is watching me intently. “That’s quite a floor show, Mrs. Grey.” “Do we have any scissors?” I ask innocently, batting my eyelashes. “My study,” he croaks.
“I’ll go search.” Leaving him, I walk into our bedroom and grab my comb from the dressing table before heading to his study. As I enter the main corridor, I notice the door to Taylor’s office is open. Mrs. Jones is standing just beyond the door. I stop, rooted to the spot. Taylor is running his fingers down her face and smiling sweetly at her. Then he leans down and kisses her. Holy shit! Taylor and Mrs. Jones? I gape in astonishment—I mean, I thought . . . well, I kind of suspected. But obviously they are together! I flush, feeling like a voyeur, and manage to get my feet to move. I scamper across the great room and into Christian’s study. Switching on the light, I walk to his desk. Taylor and Mrs. Jones . . . Wow! I’m reeling. I always thought Mrs. Jones was older than Taylor. Oh, I have to get my head around this. I open the top drawer and am immediately distracted when I find a gun. Christian has a gun! A revolver. Holy fuck! I had no idea Christian owned a gun. I take it out, slip the release and check the cylinder. It’s fully loaded, but light . . . too light. It must be carbon fiber. What does Christian want with a gun? Jeez, I hope he knows how to use it. Ray’s perpetual warnings about handguns run quickly through my mind. His army training was never lost. These will kill you, Ana. You need to know what you’re doing when you’re handling a firearm . I put the gun back and find the scissors. Retrieving them quickly, I bolt back to Christian, my head buzzing. Taylor and Mrs. Jones . . . the revolver . . . At the entrance to the great room, I run into Taylor. “Mrs. Grey, excuse me.” His face reddens as he quickly takes in my attire. “Um, Taylor, hi . . . um. I’m cutting Christian’s hair!” I blurt out, embarrassed. Taylor is as mortified as I am. He opens his mouth to say something then closes it quickly and stands aside. “After you, ma’am,” he says formally. I think I’m the color of my old Audi, the submissive special. Jeez. Could this be more embarrassing? “Thank you,” I mutter and dash down the hallway. Crap! Will I ever get used to the fact that we’re not alone? I dash into the bathroom, breathless. “What’s wrong?” Christian is standing in front of the mirror, holding my shoes. All of my scattered clothes are now neatly piled beside the sink. “I just ran into Taylor.” “Oh.” Christian frowns. “Dressed like that.” Oh shit! “That’s not Taylor’s fault.” Christian’s frown deepens. “No. But still.” “I’m dressed.” “Barely.” “I don’t know who was more embarrassed, me or him.” I try my distraction technique. “Did you know he and Gail are . . . well, together?” Christian laughs. “Yes, of course I knew.” “And you never told me?” “I thought you knew, too.” “No.” “Ana, they’re adults. They live under the same roof. Both unattached. Both attractive.” I flush, feeling foolish for not having noticed. “Well, if you put it like that . . . I just thought Gail was older than Taylor.” “She is, but not by much.” He gazes at me, perplexed. “Some men like older women—” He stops abruptly and his eyes widen. I scowl at him. “I know that,” I snap.
Christian looks contrite. He smiles fondly at me. Yes! My distraction technique successful! My subconscious rolls her eyes at me—but at what cost? Now the unmentionable Mrs. Robinson is looming over us. “That reminds me,” he says, brightly. “What?” I mutter petulantly. Grabbing the chair, I turn it to face the mirror above the sinks. “Sit,” I order. Christian regards me with indulgent amusement, but does as he’s told and sits back down in the chair. I start to comb through his now merely damp hair. “I was thinking we could convert the rooms over the garages for them at the new place,” Christian continues. “Make it a home. Then maybe Taylor’s daughter could stay with him more often.” He watches me carefully in the mirror. “Why doesn’t she stay here?” “Taylor’s never asked me.” “Perhaps you should offer. But we’d have to behave ourselves.” Christian’s brow furrows. “I hadn’t thought of that.” “Perhaps that’s why Taylor hasn’t asked. Have you met her?” “Yes. She’s a sweet thing. Shy. Very pretty. I pay for her schooling.” Oh! I stop combing and stare at him in the mirror. “I had no idea.” He shrugs. “Seemed the least I could do. Also, it means he won’t quit.” “I’m sure he likes working for you.” Christian stares at me blankly then shrugs. “I don’t know.” “I think he’s very fond of you, Christian.” I resume combing and glance at him. His eyes don’t leave mine. “You think?” “Yes. I do.” He snorts a dismissive yet content sound as if he’s secretly pleased that his staff may like him. “Good. Will you talk to Gia about the rooms over the garage?” “Yes, of course.” I don’t feel the same irritation I did before at the mention of her name. My subconscious nods sagely at me. Yes . . . we done good today. My inner goddess gloats. Now she’ll leave my husband alone and not make him uncomfortable. I am ready to cut Christian’s hair. “You sure about this? Your last chance to bail.” “Do your worst, Mrs. Grey. I don’t have to look at me, you do.” I grin. “Christian, I could look at you all day.” He shakes his head exasperated. “It’s just a pretty face, baby.” “And behind it is a very pretty man.” I kiss his temple. “My man.” He grins shyly. Lifting the first lock, I comb it upward and snare it between my index and middle finger. I put the comb in my mouth, take the scissors and make the first snip, cutting an inch off the length. Christian closes his eyes and sits like a statue, sighing contentedly as I continue. Occasionally he opens his eyes, and I catch him watching me intently. He doesn’t touch me while I work, and I’m grateful. His touch is . . . distracting. Fifteen minutes later, I’m done. “Finished.” I’m pleased with the result. He looks as hot as ever, his hair still floppy and sexy . . . just a bit shorter. Christian gazes at himself in the mirror, looking pleasantly surprised. He grins. “Great job, Mrs.
Grey.” He turns his head from side to side and snakes his arm around me. Pulling me to him, he kisses and nuzzles my belly. “Thank you,” he says. “My pleasure.” I bend and kiss him briefly. “It’s late. Bed.” He gives my behind a playful slap. “Ah! I should clean up in here.” There is hair all over the floor. Christian frowns, as if the thought would never have occurred to him. “Okay, I’ll get the broom,” he says wryly. “I don’t want you embarrassing the staff with your lack of appropriate attire.” “Do you know where the broom is?” I ask innocently. This stops Christian in his tracks. “Um . . . no.” I laugh. “I’ll go.” As I climb into bed and wait for Christian to join me, I reflect on how differently this day could have ended. I was so mad at him earlier, and he with me. How am I going to deal with this running-acompany nonsense? I have no desire to run my own company. I am not him. I need to head this off at the pass. Perhaps I should have a safe word for when he’s being overbearing and domineering, for when he’s being an arse. I giggle. Perhaps the safe word should be arse. I find the thought very appealing. “What?” he says as he climbs into bed beside me wearing only his pajama pants. “Nothing. Just an idea.” “What idea?” He stretches out beside me. Here goes nothing. “Christian, I don’t think I want to run a company.” He props himself up on his elbow and gazes down at me. “Why do you say that?” “Because it’s not something that has ever appealed to me.” “You’re more than capable, Anastasia.” “I like to read books, Christian. Running a company will take me away from that.” “You could be the creative head.” I frown. “You see,” he continues, “running a successful company is all about embracing the talent of the individuals you have at your disposal. If that’s where your talents and your interests lie, then you structure the company to enable that. Don’t dismiss it out of hand, Anastasia. You’re a very capable woman. I think you could do anything you wanted if you put your mind to it.” Whoa! How can he possibly know that I’d be any good at this? “I’m also worried it will take up too much of my time.” Christian frowns. “Time I could devote to you.” I deploy my secret weapon. His gaze darkens. “I know what you’re doing,” he murmurs, amused. Damn it! “What?” I feign innocence. “You’re trying to distract me from the issue at hand. You always do that. Just don’t dismiss the idea, Ana. Think about it. That’s all I ask.” He leans down and kisses me chastely, then skims his thumb down my cheek. This argument is going to run and run. I smile up at him—and something he said earlier today pops unbidden into my mind. “Can I ask you something?” My voice is soft, tentative. “Of course.”
“Earlier today you said if I was angry with you, I should take it out on you in bed. What did you mean?” He stills. “What did you think I meant?” Holy shit! I should just say it. “That you wanted me to tie you up.” His eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “Um . . . no. That’s not what I meant at all.” “Oh.” I’m surprised by my slight twinge of disappointment. “You want to tie me up?” he asks, obviously reading my expression correctly. He sounds shocked. I blush. “Well . . .” “Ana, I—” he stops, and something dark crosses his face. “Christian,” I whisper, alarmed. I move so that I am lying on my side, propped up on my elbow like him. I caress his face. His eyes are large and fearful. He shakes his head sadly. Shit! “Christian, stop. It doesn’t matter. I thought that’s what you meant.” He takes my hand and places it on his pounding heart. Fuck! What is it? “Ana, I don’t know how I’d feel about you touching me if I were restrained.” My scalp prickles. It’s like he’s confessing something deep and dark. “This is still too new.” His voice is low and raw. Fuck. It was just a question, and I realize that he’s come a long way, but he still has a long way to go. Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. Anxiety grips my heart. I lean over and he freezes, but I plant a soft kiss at the corner of his mouth. “Christian, I got the wrong idea. Please don’t worry about it. Please don’t think about it.” I kiss him. He closes his eyes, groans and reciprocates, pushing me down into the mattress, his hands clasping my chin. And soon we’re lost . . . lost in each other again. 1 William Shakespeare, King Lear, (3rd edition of Shakespeare’s First Folio, Etext #2266, Project Gutenburg, July 2000), Act 1, Scene 1, http://www.gutenberg.org/catalog/world/readfile?pageno=9&fk_files=1448414.
When I wake before the alarm the following morning, Christian is wrapped around me like ivy, his head on my chest, his arm around my waist, and his leg between mine. And he’s on my side of the bed. It’s always the same, if we argue the night before, this is how he ends up, coiled around me, making me hot and bothered. Oh, Fifty. He is so needy on some level. Who would have thought? The familiar vision of Christian as a dirty, wretched little boy haunts me. Gently, I stroke his shorter hair and my melancholy recedes. He stirs, and his sleepy eyes meet mine. He blinks a couple of times as he wakes. “Hi,” he murmurs and smiles. “Hi.” I love waking to that smile. He nuzzles my breasts and hums appreciatively deep in his throat. His hand travels down from my waist, skimming over the cool satin of my nightgown. “What a tempting morsel you are,” he mutters. “But, tempting though you are,” he glances at the alarm, “I have to get up.” He stretches out, untangles himself from me, and rises. I lie back, put my hands behind my head, and enjoy the show—Christian stripping for his shower. He is perfect. I wouldn’t change a hair on his head. “Admiring the view, Mrs. Grey?” Christian arches a sardonic brow at me. “It’s a mighty fine view, Mr. Grey.” He grins and throws his pajama pants at me so they almost land on my face, but I catch them in time, giggling like a schoolgirl. With a wicked grin, he pulls the duvet off, puts one knee on the bed, grabs my ankles, and drags me toward him so that my nightdress rides up. I squeal, and he crawls up my body, trailing little kisses on my knee, my thigh . . . my . . . oh . . . Christian! “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Jones greets me. I flush, embarrassed remembering her tryst with Taylor the night before. “Good morning,” I respond as she hands me a cup of tea. I sit on the bar stool beside my husband, who just looks radiant: freshly showered, his hair damp, wearing a crisp white shirt and that silvergray tie. My favorite tie. I have fond memories of that tie. “How are you, Mrs. Grey?” he asks, his eyes warm. “I think you know, Mr. Grey.” I gaze up at him through my lashes. He smirks. “Eat,” he orders. “You didn’t eat yesterday.”
Oh, bossy Fifty! “That’s because you were being an arse.” Mrs. Jones drops something that clatters into the sink, making me jump. Christian seems oblivious to the noise. Ignoring her, he stares at me impassively. “Arse or not—eat.” His tone is serious. No arguing with him. “Okay! Picking up spoon, eating granola,” I mutter like a petulant teenager. I reach for the Greek yoghurt and spoon some onto my cereal, followed by a handful of blueberries. I glance at Mrs. Jones and she catches my eye. I smile, and she responds with a warm smile of her own. She has provided me with my breakfast of choice introduced to me on our honeymoon. “I may have to go to New York later in the week.” Christian’s announcement interrupts my reverie. “Oh.” “It’ll mean an overnight. I want you to come with me.” “Christian, I won’t get the time off.” He gives me his oh-really-but-I’m-the-boss-stare. I sigh. “I know you own the company, but I’ve been away for three weeks. Please. How can you expect me to run the business if I’m never there? I’ll be fine here. I’m assuming you’ll take Taylor with you, but Sawyer and Ryan will be here—” I stop, because Christian is grinning at me. “What?” I snap. “Nothing. Just you,” he says. I frown. Is he laughing at me? Then a nasty thought pops into my mind. “How are you getting to New York?” “The company jet, why?” “I just wanted to check if you were taking Charlie Tango.” My voice is quiet, and a shiver runs down my spine. I remember the last time he flew his helicopter. A wave of nausea hits me as I recall the anxious hours I spent waiting for news. That was possibly the lowest point in my life. I notice Mrs. Jones has stilled, too. I try to dismiss the idea. “I wouldn’t fly to New York in Charlie Tango. She doesn’t have that kind of range. Besides, she won’t be back from the engineers for another two weeks.” Thank heavens. My smile is partly from relief, but also the knowledge that the demise of Charlie Tango has occupied a great deal of Christian’s thoughts and time over the last few weeks. “Well I’m glad she’s nearly fixed, but—” I stop. Can I tell him how nervous I’ll be when he flies next time? “What?” he asks as he finishes his omelet. I shrug. “Ana?” he says, more sternly. “I just . . . you know. Last time you flew in her . . . I thought, we thought, you’d—” I can’t finish the sentence, and Christian’s expression softens. “Hey.” He caresses my face with the back of his knuckles. “That was sabotage.” A dark expression crosses his face, and for a moment I wonder if he knows who was responsible. “I couldn’t bear to lose you,” I murmur. “Five people have been fired because of that, Ana. It won’t happen again.” “Five?” He nods, his face serious. Holy crap! “That reminds me. There’s a gun in your desk.”
He frowns at my non sequitur and probably at my accusatory tone, though I don’t mean it that way. “It’s Leila’s,” he says finally. “It’s fully loaded.” “How do you know?” His frown deepens. “I checked it yesterday.” He scowls at me. “I don’t want you messing with guns. I hope you put the safety back on.” I blink at him, momentarily stupefied. “Christian, there’s no safety on that revolver. Don’t you know anything about guns?” His eyes widen. “Um . . . no.” Taylor coughs discreetly from the entrance. Christian nods at him. “We have to go,” Christian says. He stands, distracted, and slips on his gray jacket. I follow him into the hallway. He has Leila’s gun. I am stunned by this news and briefly wonder what’s happened to her. Is she still in—where is it? East somewhere. New Hampshire? I can’t remember. “Good morning, Taylor,” Christian says. “Good morning, Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey.” He nods at us both, but he’s careful not to look me in the eye. I’m grateful, recalling my state of undress when we bumped into each other last night. “I am just going to brush my teeth,” I mutter. Christian always brushes his teeth before breakfast. I don’t understand why. “You should ask Taylor to teach you how to shoot,” I say as we travel down in the elevator. Christian gazes down at me, amused. “Should I now?” he says dryly. “Yes.” “Anastasia, I despise guns. My mom has patched up too many victims of gun crime, and my dad is vehemently antigun. I grew up with their ethos. I support at least two gun control initiatives here in Washington.” “Oh. Does Taylor carry a gun?” Christian’s mouth thins. “Sometimes.” “You don’t approve?” I ask, as Christian ushers me out of the elevator on the ground floor. “No,” he says, tight-lipped. “Let’s just say that Taylor and I hold very different views with regard to gun control.” I’m with Taylor on this. Christian holds the foyer door open for me and I head out to the car. He has not let me drive alone to SIP since he found out that Charlie Tango was sabotaged. Sawyer smiles pleasantly, holding the door open for me as Christian and I climb into the car. “Please.” I reach across and grasp Christian’s hand. “Please what?” “Learn how to shoot.” He rolls his eyes at me. “No. End of discussion, Anastasia.” And I am a child again to be scolded. I open my mouth to say something cutting, but decide I don’t want to start my workday in a bad mood. I fold my arms instead and glimpse Taylor regarding me in the rearview mirror. He looks away, concentrating on the road in front, but shakes his head a little, in obvious frustration. Hmm . . . Christian drives him crazy, too, sometimes. The thought makes me smile, and my mood
is saved. “Where is Leila?” I ask as Christian gazes out of his window. “I told you. She’s in Connecticut with her folks.” He glances at me. “Did you check? After all, she does have long hair. It could have been her driving the Dodge.” “Yes, I checked. She’s enrolled in an art school in Hamden. She started this week.” “You’ve spoken to her?” I whisper, all the blood draining from my face. Christian whips his head around at the tone of my voice. “No. Flynn has.” He searches my face for a clue to my thoughts. “I see,” I murmur, relieved. “What?” “Nothing.” Christian sighs. “Ana. What is it?” I shrug, not wanting to admit to my irrational jealousy. Christian continues, “I’m keeping tabs on her, checking that she stays on her side of the continent. She’s better, Ana. Flynn has referred her to a shrink in New Haven, and all the reports are very positive. She’s always been interested in art, so . . .” He stops, his face still searching mine. And in that moment I suspect that he is paying for her art classes. Do I want to know? Should I ask him? I mean it’s not as if he can’t afford it, but why does he feel the obligation? I sigh. Christian’s baggage hardly compares to Bradley Kent from biology class and his half-assed attempts to kiss me. Christian reaches for my hand. “Don’t sweat this, Anastasia,” he murmurs, and I return his reassuring squeeze. I know he’s doing what he thinks is right. Midmorning I have a break in meetings. As I pick up the phone to call Kate, I notice an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Flattery Date: August 23, 2011 09:54 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I have received three compliments on my new haircut. Compliments from my staff are new. It must be the ridiculous smile I’m wearing whenever I think about last night. You are indeed a wonderful, talented, beautiful woman. And all mine. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I melt reading it. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Trying to concentrate here. Date: August 23, 2011 10:48 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey I am trying to work and don’t want to be distracted by delicious memories. Is now the time to confess that I used to cut Ray’s hair regularly? I had no idea it would be such useful training. And yes, I am yours and you, my dear overbearing husband who refuses to exercise his constitutional right under the second amendment
to bear arms, are mine. But don’t worry because I shall protect you. Always. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Annie Oakley Date: August 23, 2011 10:53 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I am delighted to see you have spoken to the IT dept and changed your name. :D I shall sleep safe in my bed knowing that my gun-toting wife sleeps beside me. Christian Grey CEO & Hoplophobe, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Hoplophobe? What the hell is that? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Long words Date: August 23, 2011 10:58 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey Once more you dazzle me with your linguistic prowess. In fact, your prowess in general, and I think you know what I’m referring to. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Gasp! Date: August 23, 2011 11:01 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey Are you flirting with me? Christian Grey Shocked CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Would you rather . . . Date: August 23, 2011 11:04 To: Christian Grey I flirted with someone else? Anastasia Grey Brave Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Grrrrr Date: August 23, 2011 11:09 To: Anastasia Grey
NO! Christian Grey Possessive CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Wow . . . Date: August 23, 2011 11:14 To: Christian Grey Are you growling at me? ’Cause that’s kinda hot. Anastasia Grey Squirming (in a good way) Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Beware Date: August 23, 2011 11:16 To: Anastasia Grey Flirting and toying with me, Mrs. Grey? I may pay you a visit this afternoon. Christian Grey Priapic CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Oh No! Date: August 23, 2011 11:20 To: Christian Grey I’ll behave. I wouldn’t want my boss’s boss’s boss getting on top of me at work. ;) Now let me get on with my job. My boss’s boss’s boss may fire my ass. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: &*%$&*&* Date: August 23, 2011 11:23 To: Anastasia Grey Believe me when I say there are a great many things he’d like to do to your ass right now. Firing you is not one of them. Christian Grey CEO & Ass man, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His response makes me giggle. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Go Away! Date: August 23, 2011 11:26 To: Christian Grey Don’t you have an empire to run? Stop bothering me.
My next appointment is here. I thought you were a breast man . . . Think about my ass, and I’ll think about yours . . . ILY x Anastasia Grey Now Moist Commissioning Editor, SIP I cannot help my despondent mood as Sawyer drives me to the office on Thursday. Christian’s threatened business trip to New York has happened, and though he’s only been gone a few hours, I miss him already. I fire up my computer, and there’s an email waiting for me. My mood lifts immediately. From: Christian Grey Subject: Miss you already Date: August 25, 2011 04:32 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey You were adorable this morning. Behave while I’m away. I love you. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. This will be the first night we’ve slept apart since our wedding. I intend to have a few cocktails with Kate—that should help me sleep. Impulsively, I e-mail him back, although I know that he’s still flying. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Behave Yourself! Date: August 25, 2011 09:03 To: Christian Grey Let me know when you land—I’ll worry until you do. And I shall behave. I mean how much trouble can I get into with Kate? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I hit send and sip my latte, courtesy of Hannah. Who knew I’d grow to love coffee? Despite the fact that I’m going out this evening with Kate, I feel like a chunk of me is missing. At the moment, it’s thirty-five thousand feet somewhere above the Midwest en route to New York. I didn’t know I would feel this unsettled and anxious just because Christian’s away. Surely over time I won’t feel this loss and uncertainty, will I? I let out a heavy sigh and continue with my work. Around lunchtime, I start manically checking my e-mail and my BlackBerry for a text. Where is he? Has he landed safely? Hannah asks if I want lunch, but I’m too apprehensive and wave her away. I know it’s irrational, but I need to be sure he’s arrived safely.
My office phone rings, startling me. “Ana St—Grey.” “Hi.” Christian’s voice is warm with a trace of amusement. Relief floods through me. “Hi.” I’m grinning from ear to ear. “How was your flight?” “Long. What are you doing with Kate?” Oh no. “We’re just going out for a quiet drink.” Christian says nothing. “Sawyer and the new woman—Prescott—are coming to watch over us,” I offer, trying to placate him. “I thought Kate was coming to the apartment.” “She is after a quick drink.” Please let me go out! Christian sighs heavily. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he says quietly. Too quietly. I mentally kick myself. “Christian, we’ll be fine. I have Ryan, Sawyer, and Prescott here. It’s only a quick drink.” Christian remains resolutely silent, and I know he’s not happy. “I’ve only seen her a few times since you and I met. Please. She’s my best friend.” “Ana, I don’t want to keep you from your friends. But I thought she was coming back to the apartment.” “Okay,” I acquiesce. “We’ll stay in.” “Only while this lunatic is out there. Please.” “I’ve said okay,” I mutter in exasperation, rolling my eyes. Christian snorts softly down the phone. “I always know when you’re rolling your eyes at me.” I scowl at the receiver. “Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you. I’ll tell Kate.” “Good,” he breathes, his relief evident. I feel guilty for worrying him. “Where are you?” “On the tarmac at JFK.” “Oh, so you just landed.” “Yes. You asked me to call the moment I landed.” I smile. My subconscious glares at me. See? He does what he says he’s going to do. “Well, Mr. Grey, I’m glad one of us is punctilious.” He laughs. “Mrs. Grey, your gift for hyperbole knows no bounds. What am I going to do with you?” “I am sure you’ll think of something imaginative. You usually do.” “Are you flirting with me?” “Yes.” I sense his grin. “I’d better go. Ana, do as you’re told, please. The security team knows what they’re doing.” “Yes, Christian, I will.” I sound exasperated again. Jeez, I get the message. “I’ll see you tomorrow evening. I’ll call you later.” “To check up on me?” “Yes.” “Oh, Christian!” I scold him. “Au revoir, Mrs. Grey.” “Au revoir, Christian. I love you.” He inhales sharply. “And I you, Ana.” Neither of us hangs up. “Hang up, Christian,” I whisper.
“You’re a bossy little thing, aren’t you?” “Your bossy little thing.” “Mine,” he breathes. “Do as you’re told. Hang up.” “Yes, Sir.” I hang up and grin stupidly at the phone. A few moments later, an e-mail appears in my inbox. From: Christian Grey Subject: Twitching Palms Date: August 25, 2011 13:42 EDT To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey You are as entertaining as ever on the phone. I mean it. Do as you’re told. I need to know you’re safe. I love you. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Honestly, he’s the bossy one. But one phone call and all my anxiety has disappeared. He’s arrived safely and he’s fussing about me as usual. I hug myself momentarily. God, I love that man. Hannah knocks on my door, distracting me, and brings me back to the now. Kate looks gorgeous. In her tight white jeans and red camisole, she’s ready to rock the town. She’s chatting animatedly with Claire in reception when I make my entrance. “Ana!” she cries, scooping me up in a Kate hug. She holds me at arm’s length. “Don’t you look the mogul’s wife? Who would have thought, little Ana Steele? You look so . . . sophisticated!” She grins. I roll my eyes at her. I’m wearing a pale cream shift dress with a navy belt and navy pumps. “It’s good to see you, Kate.” I hug her back. “So, where are we going?” “Christian wants us to go back to the apartment.” “Aw, really? Can’t we sneak a quick cocktail at the Zig Zag Cafe? I’ve booked us a table.” I open my mouth to protest. “Please?” she whines and pouts prettily. She must be picking this up from Mia. She never pouts normally. I’d really like a cocktail at the Zig Zag. We had such fun the last time we went there, and it’s close to Kate’s apartment. I hold up my index finger. “One.” She grins. “One” She links her arm in mine, and we stroll out to the car, which is parked at the curb with Sawyer at the wheel. We’re followed by Miss Samantha Prescott who’s new to the security team —a tall African-American with a no-nonsense attitude. I’ve yet to warm to her, maybe because she’s too cool and professional. The jury’s definitely out, but like the rest of the team, she’s been handpicked by Taylor. She’s dressed like Sawyer in a dark somber pantsuit. “Can you take us to the Zig Zag, please, Sawyer?” Sawyer turns to look at me, and I know he wants to say something. He’s obviously been given his orders. He hesitates. “The Zig Zag Café. We’ll only have one.”
I give Kate a sideways glance, and she’s glaring at Sawyer. Poor man. “Yes, ma’am.” “Mr. Grey requested you go back to the apartment,” Prescott pipes up. “Mr. Grey isn’t here,” I snap. “The Zig Zag, please.” “Ma’am,” Sawyer replies with a sideways glance at Prescott, who wisely holds her tongue. Kate gapes at me as if she can’t believe her eyes and ears. I purse my lips and shrug. Okay, so I’m a little more assertive than I used to be. Kate nods as Sawyer pulls out into the early evening traffic. “You know the additional security is driving Grace and Mia crazy,” Kate says casually. I gawk at her, baffled. “You didn’t know?” She seems incredulous. “Know what?” “Security for all of the Greys has been tripled. Gazillioned, even.” “Really?” “He hasn’t told you?” I flush. “No.” Damn it, Christian! “Do you know why?” “Jack Hyde.” “What about Jack? I thought he was just after Christian.” I gasp. Jeez. Why hasn’t he told me? “Since Monday,” Kate says. Last Monday? Hmm . . . we identified Jack on Sunday. But why all the Greys? “How do you know all this?” “Elliot.” Of course. “Christian hasn’t told you any of this, has he?” I flush once more. “No.” “Oh, Ana, how annoying.” I sigh. As ever, Kate has hit the nail squarely on the head in her usual sledgehammer style. “Do you know why?” If Christian’s not going to tell me, then maybe Kate will. “Elliot said it’s something to do with information stored on Jack Hyde’s computer when he was at SIP.” Holy crap. “You’re kidding.” A surge of anger pulses through me. How does Kate know about this when I don’t? I glance up to see Sawyer eyeing me from the rearview mirror. The red light turns to green and he surges forward, focusing on the road ahead. I hold my finger up to my lips and Kate nods. I bet Sawyer knows, too, and I don’t. “How’s Elliot?” I ask to change the subject. Kate grins stupidly, telling me all I need to know. Sawyer pulls up at the end of the passageway that leads down to the Zig Zag Café, and Prescott opens my door. I scoot out and Kate slides out after me. We link arms and meander down the passage, followed by Prescott, who’s wearing a thunderous expression on her face. Oh, for heaven’s sake, it’s just a drink. Sawyer drives off to park the car. “So how does Elliot know Gia?” I ask, taking a sip of my second strawberry mojito. The bar is intimate and cozy, and I don’t want to leave. Kate and I have not stopped talking. I had forgotten how much I like hanging with her. It’s liberating to be out, relaxing, enjoying Kate’s company. I contemplate texting Christian then dismiss the idea. He’ll just be mad and make me go home like an
errant child. “Don’t talk to me about that bitch!” Kate splutters. Kate’s reaction makes me laugh. “What’s so funny, Steele?” she snaps, but not seriously. “I feel the same way.” “You do?” “Yes. She was all over Christian.” “She had a fling with Elliot.” Kate pouts. “No!” She nods, her lips pressed together in the patented Katherine Kavanagh scowl. “It was brief. Last year, I think. She’s a social climber. No wonder she has her sights set on Christian.” “Christian is taken. I told her to leave him alone or I would fire her.” Kate gapes at me once more, stunned. I nod proudly, and she lifts her glass to salute me, impressed and beaming. “Mrs. Anastasia Grey! Way to go!” We clink. “Does Elliot own a gun?” “No. He’s very antigun.” Kate stirs her third drink. “Christian, too. I think it was Grace and Carrick’s influence,” I mutter. I’m feeling a little tipsy. “Carrick’s a good man.” Kate nods. “He wanted a prenup,” I mutter sadly. “Oh, Ana.” She reaches across and grasps my arm. “He was only looking out for his boy. As we both know, you have gold-digger tattooed on your forehead.” She smiles at me, and I poke my tongue out at her then giggle. “Mature, Mrs. Grey,” she says grinning. She sounds like Christian. “You’ll do the same for your son one day.” “My son?” I gape at her. It hadn’t even crossed my mind that my kids will be rich. Holy crap. They’ll want for nothing. I mean . . . nothing. This needs further thought—but not right now. I glance at Prescott and Sawyer seated nearby, watching us and the evening crowd from a side table while they each nurse a glass of sparkling mineral water. “Do you think we should eat?” I ask. “No. We should drink,” Kate says. “Why are you in such a drinking mood?” “Because I don’t see enough of you anymore. I didn’t know you’d up and marry the first guy who turned your head.” She pouts again. “Honestly, you married so quickly that I thought you were pregnant.” I giggle. “Everyone thought I was pregnant,” I mutter. “Let’s not rehash that conversation again. Please! And I have to use the restroom.” Prescott accompanies me. She says nothing. She doesn’t have to. Disapproval radiates off her like a lethal isotope. “I haven’t been out on my own since I got married,” I mutter wordlessly at the closed toilet door. I make a face, knowing that she’s standing on the other side of the door, waiting while I pee. What precisely is Hyde going to do in a bar anyway? Christian is just overreacting as usual.
“Kate, it’s late. We should go.” It’s ten fifteen, and I have downed my fourth strawberry mojito. I am definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol, warm and fuzzy. Christian will be fine. Eventually. “Sure, Ana. It’s been so good to see you. You just seem so much more, I don’t know . . . confident. Marriage obviously agrees with you.” My face warms. Coming from Miss Katherine Kavanagh, this is indeed a compliment. “It does,” I whisper, and because I’ve probably had too much to drink, tears prick the back of my eyes. Could I be any happier? In spite of all his baggage, his nature, his Fiftyness, I have met and married the man of my dreams. I quickly change the subject to stem my sentimental thoughts, because I know I will cry otherwise. “I have really enjoyed this evening.” I grasp Kate’s hand. “Thank you for dragging me out!” We hug. As she releases me, I nod at Sawyer and he hands Prescott the keys to the car. “I’m sure Miss Goody-Two-Shoes Prescott has told Christian I’m not at home. He’ll be mad,” I mutter to Kate. And maybe he’ll think of some delicious way to punish me . . . hopefully. “Why are you grinning like a loon, Ana? You like making Christian mad?” “No. Not really. But it’s easily done. He’s very controlling sometimes.” Most of the time. “I’ve noticed,” Kate says wryly. We pull up outside Kate’s apartment. She hugs me hard. “Don’t be a stranger,” she whispers and kisses my cheek. Then she’s out of the car. I wave, feeling strangely homesick. I have missed girl talk. It’s fun and relaxing, and reminds me that I’m still young. I must make more of an effort to see Kate, but the truth is, I love being in my bubble with Christian. Last night we attended a charity dinner together. There were so many men in suits and well-groomed elegant women talking about real estate prices and the failing economy and the plunging stock markets. I mean, it was dull, really dull. So it’s refreshing to let my hair down with someone my own age. My stomach rumbles. Jeez, I still haven’t eaten. Shit—Christian! I scramble through my purse and fish out my BlackBerry. Holy crap—five missed calls! One text . . . *WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?* And one e-mail. From: Christian Grey Subject: Angry. You’ve not seen angry Date: August 26, 2011 00:42 EST To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia Sawyer tells me that you are drinking cocktails in a bar when you said you wouldn’t. Do you have any idea how mad I am at the moment? I’ll see you tomorrow. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. My heart sinks. Oh shit! I really am in trouble. My subconscious glares at me, then shrugs, wearing her you-made-your-bed-you-lie-in-it face. What did I expect? I contemplate calling him, but it’s late and he’s probably asleep . . . or pacing. I decide a quick text may be enough.
*I’M STILL IN ONE PIECE. I HAD A NICE TIME. MISSING YOU—PLEASE DON’T BE MAD* I gaze at my BlackBerry, willing him to respond, but it’s ominously silent. I sigh. Prescott pulls up outside Escala and Sawyer gets out to hold the door open for me. As we stand waiting for the elevator, I take the opportunity to quiz him. “What time did Christian call you?” Sawyer flushes. “About nine thirty, ma’am.” “Why didn’t you interrupt my conversation with Kate so I could speak with him?” “Mr. Grey told me not to.” I purse my lips. The elevator arrives, and we ride up in silence. I’m suddenly grateful that Christian has a whole night to recover from his snit-fit, and that he’s on the other side of the country. It gives me some time. On the other hand . . . I miss him. The doors to the elevator open, and for a split second I stare at the foyer table. What is wrong with this picture? The vase of flowers lies smashed into fragments all over the floor of the foyer, water and flowers and chunks of china are strewn everywhere, and the table is overturned. My scalp prickles and Sawyer grabs my arm and pulls me back into the elevator. “Stay there,” he hisses, drawing a gun. He steps into the foyer and disappears from my field of vision. I cower in the back of the elevator. “Luke!” I hear Ryan call from inside the great room. “Code blue!” Code blue? “You have the perp?” Sawyer calls back. “Jesus H. Christ!” I flatten myself against the elevator wall. What the hell is going on? Adrenaline spikes through my body, and my heart leaps into my throat. I hear soft voices, and a moment later Sawyer reappears in the foyer, standing in the puddle of water. He holsters his gun. “You can come in, Mrs. Grey,” he says gently. “What’s happened, Luke?” My voice is barely a whisper. “We’ve had a visitor.” He takes my elbow, and I’m grateful for the support—my legs have turned to jelly. I walk with him through the open double doors. Ryan is standing at the entrance of the great room. A cut above his eye is bleeding, and there’s another on his mouth. He looks roughed up, his clothes disheveled. But what’s more shocking is Jack Hyde slumped at his feet.
My heart is pounding and blood thrums loudly in my eardrums; the alcohol flowing through my system, amplifying the sound. “Is he—” I gasp, unable to finish the sentence and gazing wide-eyed and terrified at Ryan. I can’t even look at the prone figure on the floor. “No, ma’am. Just knocked out cold.” Relief floods through me. Oh, thank God. “And you?” I ask, gazing at Ryan. I realize I don’t know his first name. He’s panting as if he’s run a marathon. He wipes the corner of his mouth, removing the trace of blood, and a faint bruise is forming on his cheek. “He put up one hell of a fight, but I’m okay, Mrs. Grey.” He smiles reassuringly. If I knew him better, I’d say he looked a little smug. “And Gail? Mrs. Jones?” Oh no . . . is she okay? Has she been harmed? “I’m here, Ana.” Glancing behind me, she’s in a nightdress and robe, her hair loose, her face ashen and her eyes wide—like mine, I imagine. “Ryan woke me. Insisted I come in here.” She points behind her into Taylor’s office. “I’m fine. Are you okay?” I nod briskly and realize she’s probably just come out of the panic room built adjoining Taylor’s office. Who knew we’d need it so soon? Christian had insisted on its installation shortly after our engagement—and I had rolled my eyes. Now, seeing Gail standing in the doorway, I’m grateful for his foresight. A creak from the door to the foyer distracts me. It’s hanging off its hinges. What the hell happened to that? “Was he alone?” I ask Ryan. “Yes, ma’am. You wouldn’t be standing here if he wasn’t, I can assure you.” Ryan sounds vaguely affronted. “How did he get in?” I ask, ignoring his tone. “Through the service elevator. He’s got quite a pair, ma’am.” I stare down at Jack’s slumped figure. He’s wearing a uniform of sorts—coveralls, I think. “When?” “About ten minutes ago. I caught him on the security monitor. He was wearing gloves . . . kinda
strange in August. I recognized him and decided to give him access. That way I knew we’d have him. You weren’t here and Gail was safe, so I figured it was now or never.” Ryan looks very pleased with himself once more, and Sawyer scowls at him in disapproval. Gloves? The thought distracts me, and I glance once more at Jack. Yes, he’s wearing brown leather gloves. Creepy. “What now?” I try to dismiss the ramifications from my mind. “We need to secure him,” Ryan replies. “Secure him?” “In case he wakes.” Ryan glances at Sawyer. “What do you need?” asks Mrs. Jones, stepping forward. She’s recovered her composure. “Something to restrain him—cord or rope,” Ryan replies. Cable ties. I flush as memories of the previous night invade my mind. Reflexively, I rub my wrists and glance quickly down at them. No, no bruising. Good. “I have something. Cable ties. Will they do?” All eyes turn to me. “Yes, ma’am. Perfect,” Sawyer says, serious and straight-faced. I want the floor to swallow me up, but I turn and head for our bedroom. Sometimes you just have to brazen things out. Perhaps it’s the combination of fear and alcohol making me audacious. When I return, Mrs. Jones is surveying the mess in the foyer and Miss Prescott has joined the security team. I hand the ties to Sawyer, who slowly, and with unnecessary care, ties Hyde’s hands behind his back. Mrs. Jones disappears into the kitchen and returns with a first aid kit. She takes Ryan’s arm, leads him into the doorway of the great room, and starts tending to the cut above his eye. He flinches as she dabs it with an antiseptic wipe. Then I notice the Glock on the floor with a silencer attached. Holy shit! Jack was armed? Bile rises in my throat and I fight it down. “Don’t touch, Mrs. Grey,” says Prescott when I bend to pick it up. Sawyer emerges from Taylor’s office wearing latex gloves. “I’ll take care of that, Mrs. Grey,” he says. “It’s his?” I ask. “Yes ma’am,” says Ryan, wincing once more from Mrs. Jones’s ministrations. Holy crap. Ryan fought an armed man in my home. I shudder at the thought. Sawyer bends and gingerly picks up the Glock. “Should you be doing that?” I ask. “Mr. Grey would expect it ma’am.” Sawyer slides the gun into a zip-lock bag then squats to pat down Jack. He pauses and partially pulls a roll of duct tape from the man’s pocket. Sawyer blanches and pushes the tape back into Hyde’s pocket. Duct tape? My mind idly registers as I watch the proceedings with fascination and an odd detachment. Then bile rises to my throat again as I realize the implications. Rapidly, I dismiss them from my head. Don’t go there, Ana! “Should we call the police?” I mutter, trying to hide my fear. I want Hyde out of my home, sooner rather than later. Ryan and Sawyer glance at each other. “I think we should call the police,” I say rather more forcefully, wondering what’s going on between Ryan and Sawyer. “I’ve just tried Taylor, and he’s not answering his cell. Maybe he’s asleep.” Sawyer checks his watch. “It’s one forty-five in the morning on the East Coast.”
Oh no. “Have you called Christian?” I whisper. “No, ma’am.” “Were you calling Taylor for instructions?” Sawyer looks momentarily embarrassed. “Yes, ma’am.” Part of me bristles. This man—I glance down at Hyde again—has invaded my home, and he needs to be removed by the police. But looking at the four of them, into their anxious eyes, I decide I must be missing something so I decide to call Christian. My scalp prickles. I know he’s mad at me—really, really mad at me—and I falter at the thought of what he’ll say. And how he’ll stress because he’s not here and can’t be here until tomorrow evening. I know I’ve worried him enough this evening. Perhaps I shouldn’t call him. And then it occurs to me. Shit. What if I’d been here? I pale at the thought. Thank heavens I was out. Maybe I won’t be in so much trouble after all. “Is he okay?” I ask, pointing at Jack. “He’ll have an aching skull when he wakes,” Ryan says, gazing down at Jack with contempt. “But we need paramedics here to make sure.” I reach into my purse and pull out my BlackBerry, and before I can give too much thought to the extent of Christian’s anger, I dial his number. It goes straight to voice mail. He must have switched it off because he’s so mad. I cannot think what to say. Turning away, I walk down the hallway a little, away from everyone. “Hi. It’s me. Please don’t be mad. We’ve had an incident at the apartment. But it’s under control, so don’t worry. No one is hurt. Call me.” I hang up. “Call the police.” I tell Sawyer. He nods, takes out his cell, and makes the call. Officer Skinner is deep in conversation with Ryan at the dining room table. Officer Walker is with Sawyer in Taylor’s office. I don’t know where Prescott is, perhaps in Taylor’s office. Detective Clark is barking questions at me as we sit on the couch in the great room. He’s tall, dark and would be good looking if it wasn’t for his permanent scowl. I suspect he’s been woken and dragged from his warm bed because the home of one of Seattle’s most influential and wealthy businessmen has been breached. “He used to be your boss?” Clark asks tersely. “Yes.” I am tired—beyond tired—and I want to go to bed. I still haven’t heard from Christian. On the plus side, the paramedics have removed Hyde. Mrs. Jones hands Detective Clark and me each a cup of tea. “Thanks.” Clark turns to me. “And where is Mr. Grey?” “New York. On business. He’ll be back tomorrow evening, I mean this evening.” It’s after midnight. “Hyde is known to us,” Detective Clark murmurs. “I’ll need you to come down to the station to make a statement. But that can wait. It’s late and there are a couple of reporters camped out on the sidewalk. Do you mind if I look around?” “Of course not,” I offer, relieved his questioning is finished. I shudder at the thought of the photographers outside. Well, they won’t be a problem until tomorrow. I remind myself to call Mom and Ray just in case they hear anything and worry. “Mrs. Grey, may I suggest you go to bed?” Mrs. Jones says, her voice warm and full of concern. Looking into her warm, kind eyes, I suddenly feel an overwhelming need to cry. She reaches over and rubs my shoulder.
“We’re safe now,” she murmurs. “This will all look better in the morning once you’ve had some sleep. And Mr. Grey will be back tomorrow evening.” I glance nervously up at her, keeping my tears at bay. Christian is going to be so mad. “Can I get you anything before you go to bed?” she asks. I realize how hungry I am. “I’d love something to eat.” She smiles broadly. “Sandwich and some milk?” I nod with gratitude, and she heads into the kitchen. Ryan is still with Officer Skinner. In the foyer Detective Clark is examining the mess outside the elevator. He looks thoughtful, despite his scowl. And suddenly I feel homesick—homesick for Christian. Holding my head in my hands, I wish fervently that he were here. He’d know what to do. What an evening. I want to crawl into his lap, have him hold me and tell me that he loves me, even though I don’t do as I’m told—but that won’t be possible until this evening. Inwardly I roll my eyes . . . Why didn’t he tell me about the increased security for everyone? What exactly is on Jack’s computer? He’s so frustrating but right now, I just don’t care. I want my husband. I miss him. “Here you are, Ana dear.” Mrs. Jones interrupts my inner turmoil. When I glance up at her, she hands me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, her eyes twinkling. I haven’t had one of these for years. I smile shyly and dig in. When I finally crawl into bed, I curl up on Christian’s side, dressed in his T-shirt. Both his pillow and his T-shirt smell of him, and as I drift off I silently wish him safe passage home . . . and a good mood. I wake with a start. It’s light and my head is aching, throbbing at my temples. Oh no. I hope I don’t have a hangover. Cautiously, I open my eyes and notice the bedroom chair has moved, and Christian is sitting in it. He’s wearing his tux, and the end of his bowtie is peeping out of the breast pocket. I wonder if I’m dreaming. His left arm is draped over the chair, and in his hand he holds a cut glass tumbler of amber liquid. Brandy? Whiskey? I have no idea. One long leg is crossed at the ankle over his knee. He’s wearing black socks and dress shoes. His right elbow rests on the arm of the chair, his hand up to his chin, and he’s slowly running his index finger rhythmically back and forth over his lower lip. In the early morning light, his eyes burn with grave intensity but his general expression is completely unreadable. My heart almost stops. He’s here. How did he get here? He must have left New York last night. How long has he been here watching me sleep? “Hi,” I whisper. He regards me coolly, and my heart stutters once more. Oh no. He moves his long fingers away from his mouth, tosses back the remainder of his drink, and places the glass on the bedside table. I half expect him to kiss me, but he doesn’t. He sits back, continuing to regard me, his expression impassive. “Hello,” he says finally, his voice hushed. And I know he’s still mad. Really mad. “You’re back.” “It would appear so.” Slowly I pull myself up into a sitting position, not taking my eyes off him. My mouth is dry. “How long have you been sitting there watching me sleep?” “Long enough.” “You’re still mad.” I can hardly speak the words. He gazes at me, as if considering his response. “Mad,” he says as if testing the word, weighing up
its nuances, its meaning. “No, Ana. I am way, way beyond mad.” Holy crap. I try to swallow, but it’s hard with a dry mouth. “Far beyond mad . . . that doesn’t sound good.” He gazes at me, completely impassive, and doesn’t respond. A stark silence stretches between us. I reach over to my glass of water and take a welcome sip, trying to bring my erratic heart rate under control. “Ryan caught Jack.” I try a different tack, and I place my glass beside his on the bedside table. “I know,” he says icily. Of course, he knows. “Are you going to be monosyllabic for long?” His eyebrows move fractionally registering his surprise as if he hadn’t expected this question. “Yes,” he says finally. Oh . . . okay. What to do? Defense—the best form of attack. “I’m sorry I stayed out.” “Are you?” “No,” I mutter after a pause, because it’s true. “Why say it then?” “Because I don’t want you to be mad at me.” He sighs heavily as if he’s been holding this tension for a thousand hours and runs his hand through his hair. He looks beautiful. Mad, but beautiful. I drink him in—Christian’s back—angry, but in one piece. “I think Detective Clark wants to talk to you.” “I’m sure he does.” “Christian, please . . .” “Please what?” “Don’t be so cold.” His eyebrows rise in surprise once more. “Anastasia, cold is not what I’m feeling at the moment. I’m burning. Burning with rage. I don’t know how to deal with these”—he waves his hand searching for the word—“feelings.” His tone is bitter. Oh shit. His honesty disarms me. All I want to do is crawl into his lap. It’s all I’ve wanted to do since I came home last night. To hell with this. I move, taking him by surprise and climbing awkwardly into his lap, where I curl up. He doesn’t push me away, which is what I’d feared. After a beat, he folds his arms around me and buries his nose in my hair. He smells of whiskey. Jeez, how much did he drink? He smells of bodywash, too. He smells of Christian. I wrap my arms around his neck and nuzzle his throat, and he sighs once more, deeply this time. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. What am I going to do with you?” He kisses the top of my head. I close my eyes, relishing the contact with him. “How much have you had to drink?” He stills. “Why?” “You don’t normally drink hard liquor.” “This is my second glass. I’ve had a trying night, Anastasia. Give a man a break.” I smile. “If you insist, Mr. Grey,” I breathe into his neck. “You smell heavenly. I slept on your side of the bed because your pillow smells of you.” He nuzzles my hair. “Did you now? I wondered why you were on this side. I’m still mad at you.” “I know.” His hand rhythmically strokes my back. “And I’m mad at you,” I whisper.
He pauses. “And what, pray, have I done to deserve your ire?” “I’ll tell you later when you’re no longer burning with rage.” I kiss his throat. He closes his eyes and leans into my kiss but makes no move to kiss me back. His arms tighten around me, squeezing me. “When I think of what might have happened . . .” His voice is barely a whisper. Broken, raw. “I’m okay.” “Oh, Ana.” It’s almost a sob. “I’m okay. We’re all okay. A bit shaken. But Gail is fine. Ryan is fine. And Jack is gone.” He shakes his head. “No thanks to you,” he mutters. What? I lean back, and glare at him. “What do you mean?” “I don’t want to argue about it right now, Ana.” I blink. Well, maybe I do, but I decide against it. At least he’s talking to me. I nestle into him once more. His fingers move to my hair and start playing with it. “I want to punish you,” he whispers. “Really beat the shit out of you,” he adds. My heart leaps into my mouth. Fuck. “I know,” I whisper as my scalp prickles. “Maybe I will.” “I hope not.” He hugs me tighter. “Ana, Ana, Ana. You’d try the patience of a saint.” “I could accuse you of many things, Mr. Grey, but being a saint isn’t one of them.” Finally I am blessed with his reluctant chuckle. “Fair point well made as ever, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses my forehead and shifts. “Back to bed. You had a late night, too.” He moves quickly, picking me up and depositing me back on the bed. “Lie down with me?” “No. I have things to do.” He reaches down and collects the glass. “Go back to sleep. I’ll wake you in a couple of hours.” “Are you still mad at me?” “Yes.” “I’ll go back to sleep, then.” “Good.” He pulls the duvet over me and kisses my forehead once more. “Sleep.” And because I’m so groggy from the night before, relieved that he’s back, and emotionally fatigued by our early-morning encounter, I do exactly as I’m told. As I drift off, I’m curious though grateful, given the nasty taste in my mouth, to know why he hasn’t deployed his usual coping mechanism and leapt on me to have his wicked way. “There’s some orange juice for you here,” Christian says, and my eyes flutter open again. I have had the most restful two hours of sleep I can remember, and I wake refreshed, my head no longer throbbing. The orange juice is a welcome sight—as is my husband. He’s in his sweats. And I’m momentarily zapped back to the Heathman Hotel and the first time I ever woke up with him. His gray tank top is damp with his sweat. Either he’s been working out in the basement gym or he’s been for a run, but he shouldn’t look this good after a workout. “I’m going to take a shower,” he murmurs and disappears to the bathroom. I frown. He’s still distant. He’s either distracted by all that’s happened, or still mad, or . . . what? I sit up and reach for the orange juice, drinking it down too quickly. It’s delicious, ice cold, and it makes my mouth a much better place. I clamber out of bed, anxious to close the distance—real and metaphysical—between my husband and me. I glance quickly at the alarm. It’s eight o’clock. I strip off Christian’s T-shirt and
follow him into the bathroom. He’s in the shower, washing his hair, and I don’t hesitate. I slip in behind him, and he stiffens the moment I wrap my arms around him—my front to his wet, muscular back. I ignore his reaction, holding him tightly, and press my cheek flat against him, closing my eyes. After a moment, he shifts so we are both under the cascade of hot water and carries on washing his hair. I let the water wash over me as I cradle the man I love. I think of all the times he’s fucked me and all the times he’s made love to me in here. I frown. He’s never been this quiet. Turning my head, I start to trail kisses across his back. His body stiffens again. “Ana,” he warns. “Hmm.” My hands travel slowly down over his taut stomach to his belly. He places both his hands on mine and brings them to an abrupt halt. He shakes his head. “Don’t,” he warns. I release him, immediately. He’s saying no ? My mind goes into free fall—has this ever happened before? My subconscious shakes her head, her lips pursed. She glares at me over her half-moon glasses, wearing her you’ve-really-fucked-up-this-time look. I feel like I’ve been slapped, hard. Rejected. And a lifetime of insecurity spawns the ugly thought he doesn’t want me anymore. I gasp as the pain sears through me. Christian turns, and I’m relieved to see he’s not completely oblivious to my charms. Grasping my chin, he tilts my head back, and I find myself gazing into his wary, beautiful eyes. “I’m still fucking mad at you,” he says, his voice quiet and serious. Shit! Leaning down, he rests his forehead against mine, closing his eyes. I reach up and caress his face. “Don’t be mad at me, please. I think you’re overreacting,” I whisper. He straightens, blanching. My hand falls free to my side. “Overreacting?” he snarls. “Some fucking lunatic gets into my apartment to kidnap my wife, and you think I’m overreacting!” The restrained menace in his voice is frightening, and his eyes blaze as he stares at me as if I’m the fucking lunatic. “No . . . um, that’s not what I was referring to. I thought this was about me staying out.” He closes his eyes once more as if in pain and shakes his head. “Christian, I wasn’t here.” I try to appease and reassure him. “I know,” he whispers opening his eyes. “And all because you can’t follow a simple, fucking request.” His tone is bitter and it’s my turn to blanch. “I don’t want to discuss this now, in the shower. I am still fucking mad at you, Anastasia. You’re making me question my judgment.” He turns and promptly leaves the shower, grabbing a towel on the way and stalking out of the bathroom, leaving me bereft and chilled under the hot water. Crap. Crap. Crap. Then the significance of what he’s just said dawns on me. Kidnap? Fuck. Jack wanted to kidnap me? I recall the duct tape and not wanting to think too deeply about why Jack had that. Does Christian have more information? Hurriedly I wash myself, then shampoo and rinse my hair. I want to know. I need to know. I am not going to let him keep me in the dark about this. Christian’s not in the bedroom when I come out. Jeez, he dresses quickly. I do the same, throwing on my favorite plum dress and black sandals, and I’m conscious that I’ve chosen this outfit because Christian likes it. I vigorously towel-dry my hair, then braid it and wind it into a bun. Fitting diamond studs into my ears, I dash to the bathroom to apply a little mascara and glance at myself in the mirror. I’m pale. Jeez, I’m always pale. I take a deep steadying breath. I need to face the consequences of my rash decision to actually enjoy myself with my friend. I sigh, knowing that Christian won’t see it that
way. Christian is nowhere to be seen in the great room. Mrs. Jones is busying herself in the kitchen. “Good morning, Ana,” she says sweetly. “Morning,” I smile broadly at her. I am Ana again! “Tea?” “Please.” “Anything to eat?” “Please. I’d like an omelet this morning.” “With mushrooms and spinach?” “And cheese.” “Coming up.” “Where’s Christian?” “Mr. Grey’s in his study.” “Has he had breakfast?” I glance at the two places set on the breakfast bar. “No, ma’am.” “Thanks.” Christian is on the phone, dressed in a white shirt with no tie, looking like every part the relaxed CEO. How deceptive appearances can be. Perhaps he’s not going into the office after all. He glances up when I appear in the doorway but shakes his head at me, indicating that I am not welcome. Shit . . . I turn and wander dejectedly back to the breakfast bar. Taylor appears, snappily dressed in a somber suit, looking like he’s had eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. “Morning, Taylor,” I murmur, trying to gauge his mood and see if he’ll offer me any visual cues about what has been going on. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he replies, and I hear the sympathy in those four words. I smile compassionately back at him, knowing he had to endure an angry, frustrated Christian returning to Seattle way ahead of schedule. “How was the flight?” I dare to ask. “Long, Mrs. Grey.” His brevity speaks volumes. “May I ask how you are?” he adds, his tone softening. “I’m good.” He nods. “If you’ll excuse me.” He heads toward Christian’s study. Hmm. Taylor’s allowed in, but not me. “Here you go.” Mrs. Jones places my breakfast in front of me. My appetite has vanished, but I eat anyway, not wishing to offend her. By the time I’ve finished what I can of my breakfast, Christian has still not emerged from his study. Is he avoiding me? “Thanks, Mrs. Jones,” I murmur, sliding off the bar stool and making my way to the bathroom to clean my teeth. As I brush them, I’m reminded of Christian’s sulk over the wedding vows. He holed up in his study then, too. Is that what this is? Him sulking? I shudder as I recall his subsequent nightmare. Will that happen again? We really need to talk. I need to know about Jack and about the increased security for the Greys—all the details that have been kept from me, but not from Kate. Obviously Elliot talks to her. I glance at my watch. It’s eight fifty—I’m late for work. I finish brushing my teeth, apply a little lip gloss, grab my lightweight black jacket, and head back to the great room. I am relieved to see Christian there, eating his breakfast.
“You’re going?” he says when he sees me. “To work? Yes, of course.” Bravely, I walk toward him and rest my hands on the edge of the breakfast bar. He gazes at me blankly. “Christian, we’ve hardly been back a week. I have to go to work.” “But—” He stops, and rakes his hand through his hair. Mrs. Jones walks quietly out of the room. Discreet, Gail, discreet. “I know we have a great deal to talk about. Perhaps if you’ve calmed down, we can do it this evening.” His mouth pops open with dismay. “Calmed down?” His voice is eerily soft. I flush. “You know what I mean.” “No, Anastasia, I don’t know what you mean.” “I don’t want a fight. I was coming to ask you if I could take my car.” “No. You can’t,” he snaps. “Okay.” I acquiesce immediately. He blinks. He was obviously expecting a fight. “Prescott will accompany you.” His tone is slightly less belligerent. Dammit, not Prescott. I want to pout and protest but decide against it. Surely now Jack has been caught we can cut back on our security. I remember my mom’s “words of wisdom” talk the day before my wedding. Ana, honey, you really have to choose your battles. It’ll be the same with your kids when you have them. Well, at least he’s letting me go to work. “Okay,” I mutter. And because I don’t want to leave him like this with so much unresolved and so much tension between us, I step tentatively toward him. He stiffens, his eyes widening, and for a moment he looks so vulnerable it pulls at some deep, dark place in my heart. Oh, Christian, I’m so sorry. I kiss him chastely on the side of his mouth. He closes his eyes as if relishing my touch. “Don’t hate me,” I whisper. He grabs my hand. “I don’t hate you.” “You haven’t kissed me,” I whisper. He eyes me suspiciously. “I know,” he mutters. I’m desperate to ask him why, but I’m not sure I want to know the answer. Abruptly he stands and grabs my face between his hands, and in a flash his lips are hard on mine. I gasp with surprise, inadvertently granting his tongue access. He takes full advantage, invading my mouth, claiming me, and just as I’m beginning to respond he releases me, his breathing quickening. “Taylor will take you and Prescott to SIP,” he says, his eyes flaring with need. “Taylor!” he calls. I flush, trying to recover some composure. “Sir.” Taylor is standing in the doorway. “Tell Prescott Mrs. Grey is going to work. Can you drive them, please?” “Certainly.” Turning on his heel, Taylor disappears. “If you could try to stay out of trouble today, I would appreciate it,” Christian mutters. “I’ll see what I can do.” I smile sweetly. A reluctant half smile tugs at Christian’s lips, but he doesn’t give in to it. “I’ll see you later, then,” he says coolly. “Laters,” I whisper. Prescott and I take the service elevator down to the basement garage in order to avoid the media outside. Jack’s arrest and the fact he was apprehended in our apartment are now public knowledge.
As I settle into the Audi, I wonder if there will be more paparazzi waiting at SIP like the day our engagement was announced. We drive a while in silence until I remember to call first Ray and then my mom to reassure them that Christian and I are safe. Mercifully, both calls are short, and I hang up just as we arrive outside SIP. As I feared, there’s a small crowd of reporters and photographers lying in wait. They turn as one, looking expectantly at the Audi. “Are you sure you want to do this, Mrs. Grey?” Taylor asks. Part of me just wants to go home, but that means spending the day with Mr. Burning Rage. I hope that with a little time, he will gain some perspective. Jack is in police custody, so Fifty should be happy, but he’s not. Part of me understands why; too much of this is out of his control including me, but I don’t have time to think about this now. “Take me around to the delivery entrance, please, Taylor.” “Yes, ma’am.” It’s one o’clock and I’ve managed to immerse myself in work all morning. There’s a knock and Elizabeth pops her head around the door. “Can I have a moment?” she asks brightly. “Sure,” I mutter, surprised at her unscheduled visit. She enters and sits down, tossing her long black hair over her shoulder. “I just wanted to check you’re okay. Roach asked me to pay you a visit,” she adds hurriedly as her face reddens. “I mean with all that went on last night.” Jack Hyde’s arrest is all over the newspapers, but no one seems to have made the connection yet with the fire at GEH. “I’m fine,” I answer, trying not to think too deeply about how I feel. Jack wanted to harm me. Well, that’s not news. He’s tried before. It’s Christian I’m more concerned about. I glance quickly at my e-mail. There’s still nothing from him. I don’t know if I were to send him an e-mail, whether I’d just be provoking Mr. Burning Rage further. “Good,” Elizabeth answers, and her smile actually touches her eyes for a change. “If there’s anything I can do—anything you need—let me know.” “Will do.” Elizabeth stands. “I know how busy you are, Ana. I’ll let you get back to it.” “Um . . . thanks.” That has to have been the briefest most pointless meeting in the Western Hemisphere today. Why did Roach send her here? Perhaps he’s worried, given I’m his boss’s wife. I shake off the dark thoughts and reach for my BlackBerry in the hope that there might be a message from Christian. As I do, my work e-mail pings. From: Christian Grey Subject: Statement Date: August 26, 2011 13:04 To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia Detective Clark will be visiting your office today at 3 pm to take your statement. I have insisted that he should come to you, as I don’t want you going to the police station. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.
I gaze at his e-mail for a full five minutes, trying to think of a light and witty response to lift his mood. I draw a complete blank, and opt for brevity instead. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Statement Date: August 26, 2011 13:12 To: Christian Grey Okay. Ax Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I stare at the screen for another five minutes, anxious for his response but there’s nothing. Christian is not in the mood to play today. I sit back. Can I blame him? My poor Fifty was probably frantic, back in the early hours of this morning. Then a thought occurs to me. He was in his tux when I woke this morning. What time did he decide to come back from New York? He normally leaves functions between ten and eleven. Last night at that hour, I was still at large with Kate. Did Christian come home because I was out or because of the Jack incident? If he left because I was out having a good time, he would have had no idea about Jack, about the police, nothing—until he landed in Seattle. It’s suddenly very important to me to find out. If Christian came back merely because I was out, then he was overreacting. My subconscious sucks her teeth, wearing her harpy face. Okay, I’m glad he’s back, so maybe it’s irrelevant. But still—Christian must have had one hell of a shock when he landed. No wonder he’s so confused today. His earlier words come back to me. “I am still fucking mad at you, Anastasia. You’re making me question my judgment.” I have to know—did he come back because of Cocktailgate or because of the fucking lunatic? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Your Flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:24 To: Christian Grey What time did you decide to come back to Seattle yesterday? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Your flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:26 To: Anastasia Grey Why? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Your Flight
Date: August 26, 2011 13:29 To: Christian Grey Call it curiosity. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Your flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:32 To: Anastasia Grey Curiosity killed the cat. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Huh? Date: August 26, 2011 13:35 To: Christian Grey What is that oblique reference to? Another threat? You know where I am going with this, don’t you? Did you decide to return because I went out for a drink with my friend after you asked me not to, or did you return because a madman was in your apartment? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I stare at my screen. There’s no response. I glance at the clock on my computer. One forty-five and still no response. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Here’s the thing . . . Date: August 26, 2011 13:56 To: Christian Grey I will take your silence as an admission that you did indeed return to Seattle because I CHANGED MY MIND. I am an adult female and went for a drink with my friend. I did not understand the security ramifications of CHANGING MY MIND because YOU NEVER TELL ME ANYTHING. I found out from Kate that security has, in fact, been stepped up for all the Greys, not just us. I think you generally overreact where my safety is concerned, and I understand why, but you’re like the boy crying wolf. I never have a clue about what is a real concern or merely something that is perceived as a concern by you. I had two of the security detail with me. I thought both Kate and I would be safe. Fact is, we were safer in that bar than at the apartment. Had I been FULLY INFORMED of the situation, I would have taken a different course of action. I understand your concerns are something to do with material that was on Jack’s computer here—or so Kate believes. Do you know how annoying it is to find out my best friend knows more about what’s going on with you than I do? And I am your WIFE. So are you going to tell me? Or will you continue to treat me like a child, guaranteeing that I continue to behave like one? You are not the only one who is fucking pissed. Okay? Ana Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I hit send. There—stick that in your pipe and smoke it, Grey. I take a deep breath. I have worked myself up into quite a rage. Here was I feeling sorry and guilty for behaving badly. Well, no longer.
From: Christian Grey Subject: Here’s the thing . . . Date: August 26, 2011 13:59 To: Anastasia Grey As ever, Mrs. Grey, you are forthright and challenging in e-mail. Perhaps we can discuss this when you get home to OUR apartment. You should watch your language. I am still fucking pissed, too. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Watch my language! I scowl at my computer, realizing this is getting me nowhere. I don’t respond, but pick up a manuscript recently received from a promising new author and begin to read. My meeting with Detective Clark is uneventful. He is less growly than the night before, maybe because he’s managed some sleep. Or maybe he just prefers working during the day. “Thank you for your statement, Mrs. Grey.” “You’re welcome, detective. Is Hyde in police custody yet?” “Yes ma’am. He was released from hospital earlier this morning. With what he’s charged with, he should be with us for a while.” He smiles, his dark eyes crinkling in the corner. “Good. This has been an anxious time for my husband and me.” “I spoke at length with Mr. Grey this morning. He’s very relieved. Interesting man, your husband.” You have no idea. “Yes, I think so.” I offer him a polite smile, and he knows he’s being dismissed. “If you think of anything, you can call me. Here’s my card.” He wrestles a card out of his wallet and hands it to me. “Thank you, detective. I’ll do that.” “Good day to you, Mrs. Grey.” “Good day.” As he leaves, I wonder exactly what Hyde has been charged with. No doubt Christian won’t tell me. I purse my lips. We ride in silence to Escala. Sawyer is driving this time, Prescott at his side, and my heart grows heavier and heavier as we head back. I know Christian and I are going to have an almighty fight, and I don’t know if I have the energy. As I ride in the elevator from the garage with Prescott beside me, I try to marshal my thoughts. What do I want to say? I think I said it all in my e-mail. Perhaps he’ll give me some answers. I hope so. I can’t help my nerves. My heart is pounding, my mouth is dry, and my palms are sweaty. I don’t want to fight. But sometimes he’s so difficult, and I need to stand my ground. The elevator doors slide open, revealing the foyer, and it’s once more neat and tidy. The table is upright and a new vase is in place with a gorgeous array of pale pink and white peonies. I quickly check the paintings as we wander through—the Madonnas all look to be intact. The broken foyer door is fixed and operational once more, and Prescott kindly opens it for me. She’s been so quiet today. I think I prefer her this way. I drop my briefcase in the hall and head into the great room. I stop. Holy fuck. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey,” Christian says softly. He’s standing by the piano, dressed in a tight black T-shirt, and jeans . . . those jeans—the ones he wore in the playroom. Oh my. They are over
washed pale-blue denim, snug, ripped at the knee and hot. He saunters over to me, his feet bare, the top button of the jeans undone, his smoldering eyes never leaving mine. “Good to have you home. I’ve been waiting for you.”
“Have you now?” I whisper. My mouth goes drier still, my heart pounding in my chest. Why’s he dressed like this? What does it mean? Is he still sulking? “I have.” His voice is kitten soft, but he’s smirking as he strolls closer to me. Holy crap he looks hot—his jeans hanging that way from his hips. Oh no, I’m not going to be distracted by Mr. Sex-on-Legs. I try to gauge his mood as he stalks toward me. Angry? Playful? Lustful? Gah! It’s impossible to tell. “I like your jeans,” I murmur. He grins a disarming wolfish grin that doesn’t reach his eyes. Shit— he’s still mad. He’s wearing these to distract me. He halts in front of me, and I’m seared by his intensity. He gazes down, wide unreadable eyes burning into mine. I swallow. “I understand you have issues, Mrs. Grey,” he says silkily, and he pulls something from the back pocket of his jeans. I can’t tear my gaze from his, but hear him unfold a piece of paper. He holds it up, and glancing briefly in its direction, I recognize my e-mail. My gaze returns to his, as his eyes blaze bright with anger. “Yes, I have issues,” I whisper, feeling breathless. I need distance if we’re going to discuss this. But before I can step back, he leans down and runs his nose along mine. My eyes flutter to a close as I welcome his unexpected, gentle touch. “So do I,” he whispers against my skin, and I open my eyes at his words. He straightens and gazes intently at me once more. “I think I’m familiar with your issues, Christian.” My voice is wry, and he narrows his eyes, suppressing the amusement that sparks there momentarily. Are we going to fight? I take a precautionary step back. I must physically distance myself from him—from his smell, his look, his distracting body in those hot jeans. He frowns as I move away. “Why did you fly back from New York?” I whisper. Let’s get this over and done with. “You know why.” His tone carries a warning ring. “Because I went out with Kate?” “Because you went back on your word, and you defied me, putting yourself at unnecessary risk.” “Went back on my word? Is that how you see it?” I gasp, ignoring the rest of his sentence. “Yes.” Holy crap. Talk about overreaction! I start to roll my eyes but stop when he scowls at me. “Christian, I changed my mind,” I explain slowly, patiently as if he’s a child. “I’m a woman. We’re
renowned for it. That’s what we do.” He blinks at me as if he doesn’t comprehend this. “If I had thought for one minute that you would cancel your business trip . . .” Words fail me. I realize I don’t know what to say. I am momentarily catapulted back to the argument over our vows. I never promised to obey you, Christian. But I hold my tongue, because deep down I’m glad he came back. In spite of his fury, I’m glad he’s here in one piece, angry and smoldering in front of me. “You changed your mind?” He can’t hide his contemptuous disbelief. “Yes.” “And you didn’t think to call me?” He glares at me, incredulous, before continuing. “What’s more, you left the security detail short here and put Ryan at risk.” Oh. I hadn’t thought about that. “I should have called, but I didn’t want to worry you. If I had, I’m sure you would have forbidden me to go and I’ve missed Kate. I wanted to see her. Besides, it kept me out of the way when Jack was here. Ryan shouldn’t have let him in.” This is so confusing. If Ryan hadn’t, Jack would still be at large. Christian’s eyes gleam wildly, then shut, his face tightening as if in pain. Oh, no. He shakes his head, and before I know it he has folded me in his arms, pulling me hard against him. “Oh Ana,” he whispers as he tightens his hold on me so that I can barely breathe. “If something were to happen to you—” His voice is barely a whisper. “It didn’t,” I manage to say. “But it could have. I’ve died a thousand deaths today thinking about what might have happened. I was so mad, Ana. Mad at you. Mad at myself. Mad at everyone. I can’t remember being this angry . . . except—” He stops again. “Except?” I prompt. “Once in your old apartment. When Leila was there.” Oh. I don’t want to think about that. “You were so cold this morning,” I murmur. My voice cracks on the last word as I remember the hideous feeling of rejection in the shower. His hands move to the nape of my neck, loosening their grip on me, and I take a deep breath. He pulls my head back. “I don’t know how to deal with this anger. I don’t think I want to hurt you,” he says, his eyes wide and wary. “This morning, I wanted to punish you, badly and—” He stops, lost for words I think, or too afraid to say them. “You were worried you’d hurt me?” I finish his sentence for him, not believing that he’d hurt me for a minute, but relieved, too. A small vicious part of me feared it was because he didn’t want me anymore. “I didn’t trust myself,” he says quietly. “Christian, I know you’d never hurt me. Not physically, anyway.” I clasp his head between my hands. “Do you?” he asks, and there’s skepticism in his voice. “Yes. I knew what you said was an empty, idle threat. I know you’re not going to beat the shit out of me.” “I wanted to.” “No you didn’t. You just thought you did.” “I don’t know if that’s true,” he murmurs. “Think about it,” I urge, wrapping my arms around him once more and nuzzling his chest through the
black T-shirt. “About how you felt when I left. You’ve told me often enough what that did to you. How it altered your view of the world, of me. I know what you’ve given up for me. Think about how you felt about the cuff marks on our honeymoon.” He stills, and I know he’s processing this information. I tighten my arms around him, my hands on his back, feeling his taut toned muscles beneath his T-shirt. Gradually, he relaxes as the tension slowly ebbs away. Is this what’s been worrying him? That he’ll hurt me? Why do I have more faith in him than he has in himself? I don’t understand, surely we’ve moved on. He’s normally so strong, so in control, but without that, he’s lost. Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty—I’m sorry . He kisses my hair, I turn my face up to his, and his lips find mine, searching, taking, giving, begging—for what, I don’t know. I just want to feel his mouth on mine, and I return his kiss passionately. “You have such faith in me,” he whispers after he breaks away. “I do.” He strokes my face with the back of his knuckles and the tip of his thumb, gazing intently into my eyes. His anger has gone. My Fifty is back from wherever he’s been. It’s good to see him. I glance shyly up and smirk. “Besides,” I whisper, “you don’t have the paperwork.” His mouth drops open in amused shock, and he clutches me to his chest again. “You’re right. I don’t.” He laughs. We stand in the middle of the great room, locked in our embrace, just holding each other. “Come to bed,” he whispers, after heaven knows how long. Oh my . . . “Christian, we need to talk.” “Later,” he urges softly. “Christian, please. Talk to me.” He sighs. “About what?” “You know. You keep me in the dark.” “I want to protect you.” “I’m not a child.” “I am fully aware of that, Mrs. Grey.” He runs his hands down my body and cups my backside. Flexing his hips, he presses his growing erection into me. “Christian!” I scold. “Talk to me.” He sighs once more with exasperation. “What do you want to know?” His voice is resigned as he releases me. I baulk—I didn’t mean you had to let me go. Taking my hand, he reaches down to pick up my e-mail from the floor. “Lots of things,” I mutter, as I let him lead me to the couch. “Sit,” he orders. Some things never change, I muse, doing as I’m told. Christian sits beside me, and leaning forward, puts his head in his hands. Oh no. Is this too hard for him? Then he sits up, rakes both hands through his hair, and turns to me, at once expectant and reconciled to his fate. “Ask me,” he says simply. Oh. Well, that was easier than I thought. “Why the additional security for your family?” “Hyde was a threat to them.” “How do you know?” “From his computer. It held personal details about me and the rest of my family. Especially Carrick.”
“Carrick? Why him?” “I don’t know yet. Let’s go to bed.” “Christian, tell me!” “Tell you what?” “You are so . . . exasperating.” “So are you.” He glares at me. “You didn’t ramp up the security when you first found out there was information about your family on the computer. So what happened? Why now?” Christian narrows his eyes at me. “I didn’t know he was going to attempt to burn down my building, or—” He stops. “We thought it was an unwelcome obsession, but you know”—he shrugs—“when you’re in the public eye, people are interested. It was random stuff: news reports on me from when I was at Harvard—my rowing, my career. Reports on Carrick—following his career, following my mom’s career—and to some extent, Elliot and Mia. How strange. “You said or,” I prompt. “Or what?” “You said, ‘attempt to burn down my building, or . . .’ like you were going to say something else.” “Are you hungry?” What? I frown at him, and my stomach rumbles. “Did you eat today?” His voice is sterner and his eyes frost. I’m betrayed by my flush. “As I thought.” His voice is clipped. “You know how I feel about you not eating. Come,” he says. He stands and holds out his hand. “Let me feed you.” And he shifts again . . . this time his voice full of sensual promise. “Feed me?” I whisper as everything south of my navel liquefies. Hell. This is such a typically mercurial diversion from what we’ve been discussing. Is that it? Is that all I’m getting out of him for now? Leading me over to the kitchen, Christian grabs a bar stool and hefts it around to the other side of the island. “Sit,” he says. “Where’s Mrs. Jones?” I ask, noticing her absence for the first time as I perch on the stool. “I’ve given her and Taylor the night off.” Oh. “Why?” He gazes at me for a beat, and his arrogant amusement is back. “Because I can.” “So you’re going to cook?” I give him an incredulous smirk. “Oh, ye of little faith, Mrs. Grey. Close your eyes.” Wow. I thought we were going to have a full-on fight, and here we are, playing in the kitchen. “Close them,” he orders. I roll them first, then oblige. “Hmm. Not good enough,” he mutters. I open one eye and see him take a plum-colored silk scarf out of the back pocket of his jeans. It matches my dress. Holy cow. I look quizzically at him. When did he get that? “Close,” he orders again. “No peeking.” “You’re going to blindfold me?” I mutter, shocked. All of a sudden I’m breathless.
“Yes.” “Christian—” He places a finger upon my lips, silencing me. I want to talk. “We’ll talk later. I want you to eat now. You said you were hungry.” He lightly kisses my lips. The silk of the scarf is soft against my eyelids as he ties it securely at the back of my head. “Can you see?” he asks. “No,” I mutter, figuratively rolling my eyes. He chuckles softly. “I can tell when you’re rolling your eyes, . . . and you know how that makes me feel.” I purse my lips. “Can we just get this over and done with?” I snap. “Such impatience, Mrs. Grey. So eager to talk.” His tone is playful. “Yes!” “I must feed you first,” he says and brushes his lips over my temple, calming me instantly. Okay . . . have it your way. I resign myself to my fate and listen to his movements around the kitchen. The fridge door opens, and Christian places various dishes on the countertop behind me. He pads over to the microwave, pops something in, and turns it on. My curiosity is piqued. I hear the toaster lever drop, the turn of the control, and the quiet tick of the timer. Hmm—toast? “Yes. I am eager to talk,” I murmur, distracted. An assortment of exotic, spicy aromas fills the kitchen, and I shift in my chair. “Be still, Anastasia,” he murmurs, and he’s close to me again. “I want you to behave . . . ,” he whispers. Oh my. My inner goddess freezes, not even blinking. “And don’t bite your lip.” Gently he tugs my bottom lip free of my teeth, and I can’t help my smile. Next, I hear the sharp pop of a cork being drawn from a bottle and the gentle glug of wine being poured into a glass. Then a moment of silence followed by a quiet click and the soft hiss of white noise from the surround-sound speakers as they come to life. A loud twang of a guitar begins a song I don’t know. Christian turns the volume down to background level. A man starts to sing, his voice deep, low, and sexy. “A drink first, I think,” Christian whispers, diverting me from the song. “Head back.” I tip my head back. “Further,” he prompts. I oblige, and his lips are on mine. Cool crisp wine flows into my mouth. I swallow reflexively. Oh my. Memories flood back of not so long ago—me trussed up on my bed in Vancouver before I graduated with a hot, angry Christian not appreciating my e-mail. Hmm . . . have times changed? Not much. Except now I recognize the wine, Christian’s favorite—a Sancerre. “Hmm,” I murmur in appreciation. “You like the wine?” he whispers, his breath warm on my cheek. I’m bathed in his proximity, his vitality, the heat radiating from his body, even though he doesn’t touch me. “Yes,” I breathe. “More?” “I always want more, with you.” I almost hear his grin. It makes me grin, too. “Mrs. Grey, are you flirting with me?” “Yes.” His wedding ring clinks against the glass as he takes another sip of wine. Now that is a sexy sound. This time he pulls my head right back, cradling me. He kisses me once more, and greedily I swallow the wine he gives me. He smiles as he kisses me again. “Hungry?”
“I think we’ve already established that, Mr. Grey.” The troubadour on the iPod is singing about wicked games. Hmm . . . How apt. The microwave pings, and Christian releases me. I sit upright. The food smells spicy: garlic, mint, oregano, rosemary, and lamb, I think. The door to the microwave opens, and the appetizing smell grows stronger. “Shit! Christ!” Christian curses, and a dish clatters onto the countertop. Oh Fifty! “You okay?” “Yes!” he snaps, his voice tight. A moment later, he’s standing beside me once more. “I just burned myself. Here.” He eases his index finger into my mouth. “Maybe you could suck it better.” “Oh.” Clasping his hand, I draw his finger slowly from my mouth. “There, there,” I soothe, and leaning forward I blow, cooling his finger, then kiss it gently twice. He stops breathing. I reinsert it into my mouth and suck gently. He inhales sharply, and the sound travels straight to my groin. He tastes as delicious as ever, and I realize that this is his game—the slow seduction of his wife. I thought he was mad, and now . . . ? This man, my husband, is so confusing. But this is how I like him. Playful. Fun. Sexy as hell. He’s given me some answers, but I’m greedy. I want more, but I want to play, too. After the anxiety and tension of today, and the nightmare of last night with Jack, this is a welcome diversion. “What are you thinking?” Christian murmurs, stopping my thoughts in their tracks as he pulls his finger out of my mouth. “How mercurial you are.” He stills beside me. “Fifty Shades, baby,” he says eventually and plants a tender kiss at the corner of my mouth. “My Fifty Shades,” I whisper. Grabbing his T-shirt, I pull him back to me. “Oh no you don’t, Mrs. Grey. No touching . . . not yet.” He takes my hand, pries it off his T-shirt, and kisses each finger in turn. “Sit up,” he commands. I pout. “I will spank you if you pout. Now open wide.” Oh shit. I open my mouth, and he pops in a forkful of spicy hot lamb covered in a cool, minty, yogurt sauce. Mmm. I chew. “You like?” “Yes.” He makes an appreciative noise, and I know he’s eating and enjoying, too. “More?” I nod. He gives me another forkful, and I chew it enthusiastically. He puts the fork down and he tears . . . bread, I think. “Open,” he orders. This time it’s pita bread and hummus. I realize Mrs. Jones—or maybe even Christian—has been shopping at the delicatessen I discovered about five weeks ago only two blocks from Escala. I chew gratefully. Christian in a playful mood increases my appetite. “More?” he asks. I nod. “More of everything. Please. I’m starving.” I hear his delighted grin. Slowly and patiently he feeds me, occasionally kissing a morsel of food from the corner of my mouth or wiping it off with his fingers. Intermittently, he offers me a sip of wine
in his unique way. “Open wide, then bite,” he murmurs. I follow his command. Hmm—one of my favorites, stuffed vine leaves. Even cold they are delicious, though I prefer them heated up, but I don’t want to risk Christian burning himself again. He feeds it to me slowly, and when I’ve finished I lick his fingers clean. “More?” he asks, his voice low and husky. I shake my head. I’m full. “Good,” he whispers against my ear, “because it’s time for my favorite course. You.” He scoops me up in his arms, surprising me so much I squeal. “Can I take the blindfold off?” “No.” I almost pout, then remember his threat and think better of it. “Playroom,” he murmurs. Oh—I don’t know if that’s a good idea. “You up for the challenge?” he asks. And because he’s used the word challenge, I can’t say no. “Bring it on,” I murmur, desire and something that I don’t want to name thrum through my body. He carries me through the door, then up the stairs to the second floor. “I think you’ve lost weight,” he mutters disapprovingly. I have? Good. I remember his comment when we arrived back from our honeymoon, and how much it smarted. Jeez—was that just a week ago? Outside the playroom, he slides me down his body and sets me on my feet, but keeps his arm wrapped around my waist. Briskly he unlocks the door. It always smells the same: polished wood and citrus. It’s actually become a comforting smell. Releasing me, Christian turns me around until I’m facing away from him. He undoes the scarf, and I blink in the soft light. Gently, he pulls the hairpins from my updo, and my braid falls free. He grasps it and tugs gently so I have to step back against him. “I have a plan,” he whispers in my ear, sending delicious shivers down my spine. “I thought you might,” I answer. He kisses me beneath my ear. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, I do.” His tone is soft, mesmerizing. He tugs my braid to the side and plants a trail of soft kisses down my throat. “First we have to get you naked.” His voice hums low in his throat and resonates through my body. I want this—whatever he has planned. I want to connect the way we know how. He turns me around to face him. I glance down at his jeans, the top button still undone, and I can’t help myself. I brush my index finger around the waistband, avoiding his T-shirt, feeling the hairs of his happy trail tickle my knuckle. He inhales sharply, and I look up to meet his eyes. I stop at the unfastened button. His eyes darken to a deeper gray . . . oh my. “You should keep these on,” I whisper. “I fully intend to, Anastasia.” And he moves, grabbing me with one hand to the back of my neck and the other around my backside. He pulls me against him, then his mouth is on mine, and he’s kissing me like his life depends on it. Whoa! He walks me backward, our tongues entwined, until I feel the wooden cross behind me. He leans into me, the contours of his body pressing into mine. “Let’s get rid of this dress,” he says, peeling my dress up my thighs, my hips, my belly . . .
deliciously slowly, the material skimming over my skin, skimming over my breasts. “Lean forward,” he says. I comply, and he pulls my dress over my head and discards it on the floor, leaving me in my sandals, panties, and bra. His eyes blaze as he grasps both my hands and raises them over my head. He blinks once and tilts his head to one side, and I know he’s asking for my permission. What is he going to do to me? I swallow, then nod, and a trace of an admiring, almost proud, smile touches his lips. He clips my wrists into the leather cuffs on the bar above and produces the scarf once more. “Think you’ve seen enough,” he murmurs. He wraps it around my head, blindfolding me again, and I feel a frisson run through me as all my other senses heighten; the sound of his soft breathing, my own excited response, the blood pulsing in my ears, Christian’s scent mixed with the citrus and polish in the room—all are bought into sharper focus because I can’t see. His nose touches mine. “I’m going to drive you wild,” he whispers. His hands grasp my hips, and he moves down, removing my panties as his hands glide down my legs. Drive me wild . . . wow. “Lift your feet, one at a time.” I oblige and he removes first my panties, then each sandal in turn. Gently grasping my ankle, he tugs my leg gently to the right. “Step,” he says. He cuffs my right ankle to the cross then proceeds to do the same with my left. I am helpless, spread-eagled on the cross. Standing, Christian steps toward me, and my body is bathed in his warmth once more though he doesn’t touch me. After a moment he grasps my chin, tilts my head up, and kisses me chastely. “Some music and toys, I think. You look beautiful like this, Mrs. Grey. I may take a moment to admire the view.” His voice is soft. Everything clenches deep inside. After a moment, maybe two, I hear him pad quietly to the museum chest and open one of the drawers. The butt drawer? I have no idea. He takes something out and places it on the top, followed by something else. The speakers spring to life, and after a moment the strains of a single piano playing a soft, lilting melody fill the room. It’s familiar—Bach, I think—but I don’t know what piece it is. Something about the music makes me apprehensive. Perhaps because the music is too cool, too detached. I frown, trying to grasp why it unsettles me, but Christian grasps my chin, startling me, and tugs gently so that I release my bottom lip. I smile, trying to reassure myself. Why do feel uneasy? Is it the music? Christian runs his hand from my chin, along my throat, and down my chest to my breast. Using his thumb he pulls on the cup, freeing my breast from the restraint of my bra. He makes a low, appreciative humming noise in his throat and kisses my neck. His lips follow the path of his fingers to my breast, kissing and sucking all the way. His fingers move to my left breast, releasing it from my bra. I moan as he skates his thumb across my left nipple, and his lips close around my right, tugging and teasing gently until both nipples are long and hard. “Ah.” He doesn’t stop. With exquisite care, he slowly increases the intensity on each. I pull fruitlessly against my restraints as sharp pleasure spikes from my nipples to my groin. I try to squirm but I can hardly move, and it makes the torture all the more intense. “Christian,” I plead. “I know,” he murmurs his voice hoarse. “This is what you make me feel.” What? I groan, and he begins again, subjecting my nipples to his sweet agonizing touch over and over—taking me closer. “Please,” I mewl. He makes a low primal sound in his throat, then stands, leaving me bereft, breathless, and
squirming against my restraints. He runs his hands down my sides, one pausing on my hip while the other travels down my belly. “Let’s see how you’re doing,” he croons softly. Gently, he cups my sex, brushing his thumb across my clitoris and making me cry out. Slowly, he inserts one, then two fingers inside me. I groan and thrust my hips forward, eager to meet his fingers and the palm of his hand. “Oh, Anastasia, you’re so ready,” he says. He circles his fingers inside me, around and around, while his thumb strokes my clitoris, back and forth, once more. It’s the only point on my body where he’s touching me, and all the tension, all the anxiety of the day, is concentrated on this one part of my anatomy. Holy shit . . . it’s intense . . . and strange . . . the music . . . I begin to build . . . Christian shifts, his hand still moving against and in me, and I hear a low buzzing noise. “What?” I gasp. “Hush,” he soothes, and his lips are on mine, effectively silencing me. I welcome the warmer, more intimate contact, kissing him voraciously. He breaks the contact and the buzzing noise gets nearer. “This is a wand, baby. It vibrates.” He holds it against my chest, and it feels like a large ball-like object vibrating against me. I shiver as it moves across my skin, down between my breasts, across to first one, then the other nipple, and I’m awash with sensation, tingling everywhere, synapses firing as dark, dark need pools at the base of my belly. “Ah,” I groan while Christian’s fingers continue to move inside me. I’m close . . . all this stimulation . . . Tilting my head back, I moan loudly and Christian stills his fingers. All sensation stops. “No! Christian,” I plead, trying to thrust my hips forward for some friction. “Still, baby,” he says while my impending orgasm melts away. He leans forward once more and kisses me. “Frustrating, isn’t it?” he murmurs. Oh no! Suddenly I understand his game. “Christian, please.” “Hush,” he says and kisses me. And he starts to move again—wand, fingers, thumb—a lethal combination of sensual torture. He shifts so his body brushes against mine. He’s still dressed, and the soft denim of his jeans brushes against my leg, his erection at my hip. So tantalizingly close. He brings me to the brink again, my body singing with need, and stops. “No,” I mewl loudly. He plants soft wet kisses on my shoulder as he withdraws his fingers from me, and moves the wand down. It oscillates over my stomach, my belly, onto my sex, against my clitoris. Fuck, it’s intense. “Ah!” I cry out, pulling hard on the restraints. My body is so sensitized I feel I am going to explode, and just as I am, Christian stops again. “Christian!” I cry out. “Frustrating, yes?” he murmurs against my throat. “Just like you. Promising one thing and then . . .” His voice trails off. “Christian, please!” I beg. He pushes the wand against me again and again, stopping just at the vital moment each time. Ah! “Each time I stop, it feels more intense when I start again. Right?” “Please,” I whimper. My nerve endings are screaming for release. The buzzing stops and Christian kisses me. He runs his nose down mine. “You are the most
frustrating woman I have ever met.” No, No, No. “Christian, I never promised to obey you. Please, please—” He moves in front of me, grabs my behind and pushes his hips against me, making me gasp—his groin rubbing into mine, the buttons of his jeans pressing into me, barely containing his erection. With one hand he pulls off the blindfold and grasps my chin, and I blink up into his scorching eyes. “You drive me crazy,” he whispers, flexing his hips against me once, twice, three times more, causing my body to spark—ready to burn. And again he denies me. I want him so badly. I need him so badly. I close my eyes and mutter a prayer. I can’t help but feel I’m being punished. I’m helpless and he’s ruthless. Tears spring to my eyes. I don’t know how far he’s going to take this. “Please,” I whisper once more. But he gazes down at me, implacable. He’s just going to continue. For how long? Can I play this game? No. No. No—I can’t do this. I know he’s not going to stop. He’s going to continue to torture me. His hand travels down my body once more. No . . . And the dam bursts—all the apprehension, the anxiety, and the fear from the last couple of days overwhelming me anew as tears spring to my eyes. I turn away from him. This is not love. It’s revenge. “Red,” I whimper. “Red. Red.” The tears course down my face. He stills. “No!” He gasps, stunned. “Jesus Christ, no.” He moves quickly, unclipping my hands, clasping me around my waist and leaning down to unclip my ankles, while I put my head in my hands and weep. “No, no, no. Ana, please. No.” Picking me up, he moves to the bed, sitting down and cradling me in his lap while I sob inconsolably. I’m overwhelmed . . . my body wound up to breaking point, my mind a blank, and my emotions scattered to the wind. He reaches behind him, drags the satin sheet off the four-poster bed, and drapes it around me. The cool sheets feel alien and unwelcome against my sensitized skin. He wraps his arms around me, hugging me close, rocking me gently backward and forward. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Christian murmurs, his voice raw. He kisses my hair over and over again. “Ana, forgive me, please.” Turning my face into his neck, I continue to cry, and it’s a cathartic release. So much has happened over the last few days—fires in computer rooms, car chases, careers planned out for me, slutty architects, armed lunatics in the apartment, arguments, his anger—and Christian has been away. I hate Christian going away . . . I use the corner of the sheet to wipe my nose and gradually become aware that the clinical tones of Bach are still echoing around the room. “Please switch the music off.” I sniff. “Yes, of course.” Christian shifts, not letting me go, and pulls the remote out of his back pocket. He presses a button and the piano music ceases, to be replaced by my shuddering breaths. “Better?” he asks. I nod, my sobs easing. Christian wipes my tears away gently with his thumb. “Not a fan of Bach’s Goldberg Variations?” he asks. “Not that piece.” He gazes down at me, trying and failing to hide the shame in his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he says again. “Why did you do that?” My voice is barely audible as I try to process my scrambled thoughts and feelings. He shakes his head sadly and closes his eyes. “I got lost in the moment,” he says unconvincingly.
I frown at him, and he sighs. “Ana, orgasm denial is a standard tool in—You never—” He stops. I shift in his lap, and he winces. Oh. I flush. “Sorry,” I mutter. He rolls his eyes, then leans back suddenly, taking me with him, so that we’re both lying on the bed, me in his arms. My bra is uncomfortable, and I adjust it. “Need a hand?” he asks quietly. I shake my head. I don’t want him to touch my breasts. He shifts so he’s looking down at me, and tentatively raising his hand, he strokes his fingers gently down my face. Tears pool in my eyes again. How can he be so callous one minute and so tender the next? “Please don’t cry,” he whispers. I’m dazed and confused by this man. My anger has deserted me in my hour of need . . . I feel numb. I want to curl up in a ball and withdraw. I blink, trying to hold back my tears as I gaze into his harrowed eyes. I take a shuddering breath, my eyes not leaving his. What am I going to do with this controlling man? Learn to be controlled? I don’t think so . . . “I never what?” I ask “Do as you’re told. You changed your mind; you didn’t tell me where you were. Ana, I was in New York, powerless and livid. If I’d been in Seattle I’d have brought you home.” “So you are punishing me?” He swallows, then closes his eyes. He doesn’t have to answer, and I know that punishing me was his exact intention. “You have to stop doing this,” I murmur. His brow furrows. “For a start, you only end up feeling shittier about yourself.” He snorts. “That’s true,” he mutters. “I don’t like to see you like this.” “And I don’t like feeling like this. You said on the Fair Lady that you hadn’t married a submissive.” “I know. I know.” His voice is soft and raw. “Well stop treating me like one. I’m sorry I didn’t call you. I won’t be so selfish again. I know you worry about me.” He gazes at me, scrutinizing me closely, his eyes bleak and anxious. “Okay. Good,” he says eventually. He leans down, but pauses before his lips touch mine, silently asking if it’s allowed. I raise my face to his, and he kisses me tenderly. “Your lips are always so soft when you’ve been crying,” he murmurs. “I never promised to obey you, Christian,” I whisper. “I know.” “Deal with it, please. For both our sakes. And I will try and be more considerate of your . . . controlling tendencies.” He looks lost and vulnerable, completely at sea. “I’ll try,” he murmurs, his voice burning with sincerity. I sigh, a long shuddering sigh. “Please do. Besides, if I had been here . . .” “I know,” he says and blanches. Lying back, he puts his free arm over his face. I curl around him and lay my head on his chest. We both lie silent for a few moments. His hand moves to the end of my braid. He pulls the tie from it, freeing my hair, and gently, rhythmically combs his fingers through it. This is what this is really about—his fear . . . his irrational fear for my safety. An image of Jack Hyde slumped on the floor in my apartment with a Glock comes to mind . . . well, maybe not so irrational,
which reminds me . . . “What did you mean earlier, when you said or?” I ask. “Or?” “Something about Jack.” He peers down at me. “You don’t give up, do you?” I rest my chin on his sternum, enjoying the soothing caress of his fingers in my hair. “Give up? Never. Tell me. I don’t like being kept in the dark. You seem to have some overblown idea that I need protecting. You don’t even know how to shoot—I do. Do you think I can’t handle whatever it is you won’t tell me, Christian? I’ve had your stalker ex-sub pull a gun on me, your pedophile ex-lover harass me—and don’t look at me like that,” I snap when he scowls at me. “Your mother feels the same way about her.” “You talked to my mother about Elena?” Christian’s voice raises a few octaves. “Yes, Grace and I talked about her.” He gapes at me. “She’s very upset about it. Blames herself.” “I can’t believe you spoke to my mother. Shit!” He lies down and puts his arm over his face again. “I didn’t go into any specifics.” “I should hope not. Grace doesn’t need all the gory details. Christ, Ana. My dad, too?” “No!” I shake my head vehemently. I don’t have that kind of relationship with Carrick. His comments about the prenup still sting. “Anyway, you’re trying to distract me—again. Jack. What about him?” Christian lifts his arm briefly and gazes at me, his expression unreadable. Sighing, he puts his arm back over his face. “Hyde is implicated in Charlie Tango’s sabotage. The investigators found a partial print—just partial, so they couldn’t make a match. But then you recognized Hyde in the server room. He has convictions as a minor in Detroit, and the prints matched his.” My mind reels as I try to absorb this information. Jack brought down Charlie Tango? But Christian is on a roll. “This morning, a cargo van was found in the garage here. Hyde was the driver. Yesterday, he delivered some shit to that new guy who’s moved in. The guy we met in the elevator.” “I don’t remember his name.” “Me neither.” Christian says. “But that’s how Hyde managed to get into the building legitimately. He was working for a delivery company—” “And? What’s so important about the van?” Christian says nothing. “Christian, tell me.” “The cops found . . . things in the van.” He stops again and tightens his hold around me. “What things?” He’s quiet for several moments, and I open my mouth to prompt him again, but he speaks. “A mattress, enough horse tranquilizer to take down a dozen horses, and a note.” His voice has softened to barely a whisper while horror and revulsion roll off him. Holy fuck. “Note?” My voice mirrors his. “Addressed to me.” “What did it say?” Christian shakes his head, indicating he doesn’t know or that he won’t divulge its contents.
Oh. “Hyde came here last night with the intention of kidnapping you.” Christian freezes, his face taut with tension. As he says those words, I recall the duct tape, and a shudder runs through me, though deep down this is not news to me. “Shit,” I mutter. “Quite,” Christian says tightly. I try to remember Jack in the office. Was he always insane? How did he think he could get away with this? I mean he was pretty creepy, but this unhinged? “I don’t understand why,” I murmur. “It doesn’t make sense to me.” “I know. The police are digging further, and so is Welch. But we think Detroit is the connection.” “Detroit?” I gaze at him, confused. “Yeah. There’s something there.” “I still don’t understand.” Christian lifts his face and gazes at me, his expression unreadable. “Ana, I was born in Detroit.”
“I thought you were born here in Seattle,” I murmur. My mind races. What does this have to do with Jack? Christian raises the arm covering his face, reaches behind him, and grabs one of the pillows. Placing it under his head, he settles back and gazes at me with a wary expression. After a moment he shakes his head. “No. Elliot and I were both adopted in Detroit. We moved here shortly after my adoption. Grace wanted to be on the west coast, away from the urban sprawl, and she got a job at Northwest Hospital. I have very little memory of that time. Mia was adopted here.” “So Jack is from Detroit?” “Yes.” Oh . . . “How do you know?” “I ran a background check when you went to work for him.” Of course he did. “Do you have a manila file on him, too?” I smirk. Christian’s mouth twists as he hides his amusement. “I think it’s pale blue.” His fingers continue to run through my hair. It’s soothing. “What does it say in his file?” Christian blinks. Reaching down he strokes my cheek. “You really want to know?” “Is it that bad?” He shrugs. “I’ve known worse,” he whispers. No! Is he referring to himself? And the image I have of Christian as a small, dirty, fearful, lost boy comes to mind. I curl around him, holding him tighter, pulling the sheet over him, and I lay my cheek against his chest. “What?” he asks, puzzled by my reaction. “Nothing,” I murmur. “No, no. This works both ways, Ana. What is it?” I glance up assessing his apprehensive expression. Resting my cheek upon his chest once more, I decide to tell him. “Sometimes I picture you as a child . . . before you came to live with the Greys.” Christian stiffens. “I wasn’t talking about me. I don’t want your pity, Anastasia. That part of my life is done. Gone.” “It’s not pity,” I whisper, appalled. “It’s sympathy and sorrow—sorrow that anyone could do that to a child.” I take a deep steadying breath as my stomach twists and tears prick my eyes anew. “That
part of your life is not done, Christian—how can you say that? You live every day with your past. You told me yourself—Fifty Shades, remember?” My voice is barely audible. Christian snorts and runs his free hand through his hair, though he remains silent and tense beneath me. “I know it’s why you feel the need to control me. Keep me safe.” “And yet you choose to defy me,” he murmurs baffled, his hand stilling in my hair. I frown. Holy cow! Do I do that deliberately? My subconscious removes her half-moon glasses and chews the end, pursing her lips and nodding. I ignore her. This is confusing—I’m his wife, not his submissive, not some company he’s acquired. I’m not the crack whore who was his mother . . . Fuck. The thought is sickening. Dr. Flynn’s words come back to me: “Just keep doing what you’re doing. Christian is head over heels . . . It’s a delight to see.” That’s it. I’m just doing what I’ve always done. Isn’t that what Christian found attractive in the first place? Oh, this man is so confusing. “Dr. Flynn said I should give you the benefit of the doubt. I think I do—I’m not sure. Perhaps it’s my way of bringing you into the here and now—away from your past,” I whisper. “I don’t know. I just can’t seem to get a handle on how far you’ll overreact.” He’s silent for a moment. “Fucking Flynn,” he mutters to himself. “He said I should continue to behave the way I’ve always behaved with you.” “Did he now?” Christian says dryly. Okay. Here goes nothing. “Christian, I know you loved your mom, and you couldn’t save her. It wasn’t your job to do that. But I’m not her.” He freezes again. “Don’t,” he whispers. “No, listen. Please.” I raise my head to stare into gray eyes that are paralyzed with fear. He’s holding his breath. Oh, Christian . . . My heart constricts. “I’m not her. I’m much stronger than she was. I have you, and you’re so much stronger now, and I know you love me. I love you, too,” I whisper. His brow creases as if my words were not what he expected. “Do you still love me?” he asks. “Of course I do. Christian, I will always love you. No matter what you do to me.” Is this the reassurance he wants? He exhales and closes his eyes, placing his arm over his face again, but hugging me closer, too. “Don’t hide from me.” Reaching up, I grasp his hand and pull his arm away from his face. “You’ve spent your life hiding. Please don’t, not from me.” He looks at me with incredulity and frowns. “Hiding?” “Yes.” He shifts suddenly, rolling over onto his side and moving me so that I am lying beside him on the bed. He reaches up, smoothes my hair off my face and tucks it behind my ear. “You asked me earlier today if I hated you. I didn’t understand why, and now—” He stops, staring down at me as if I’m a complete conundrum. “You still think I hate you?” Now my voice is incredulous. “No.” He shakes his head. “Not now.” He looks relieved. “But I need to know . . . why did you safe word, Ana?” I blanch. What can I tell him? That he frightened me. That I didn’t know if he’d stop. That I begged him—and he didn’t stop. That I didn’t want things to escalate . . . like—like that one time in here. I shudder as I recall him whipping me with his belt.
I swallow. “Because . . . because you were so angry and distant and . . . cold. I didn’t know how far you’d go.” His expression is unreadable. “Were you going to let me come?” My voice is barely a whisper, and I feel a blush steal over my cheeks, but I hold his gaze. “No,” he says eventually. Holy crap. “That’s . . . harsh.” His knuckle gently grazes my cheek. “But effective,” he murmurs. He gazes down at me as if he’s trying to see into my soul, his eyes darkening. After an eternity, he murmurs, “I’m glad you did.” “Really?” I don’t understand. His lips twist in a sad smile. “Yes. I don’t want to hurt you. I got carried away.” He reaches down and kisses me. “Lost in the moment.” He kisses me again. “Happens a lot with you.” Oh? And for some bizarre reason the thought pleases me . . . I grin. Why does that make me happy? He grins, too. “I don’t know why you’re grinning, Mrs. Grey.” “Me neither.” He wraps himself around me and places his head on my chest. We are a tangle of naked and denimclad limbs, and satin red sheets. I stroke his back with one hand and run the fingers of my other hand through his hair. He sighs and relaxes in my arms. “It means I can trust you . . . to stop me. I never want to hurt you,” he murmurs. “I need—” He halts. “You need what?” “I need control, Ana. Like I need you. It’s the only way I can function. I can’t let go of it. I can’t. I’ve tried . . . And yet, with you . . .” He shakes his head in exasperation. I swallow. This is the heart of our dilemma—his need for control and his need for me. I refuse to believe these are mutually exclusive. “I need you, too,” I whisper, hugging him tighter. “I’ll try, Christian. I’ll try to be more considerate.” “I want you to need me,” he murmurs. Holy cow! “I do!” My voice is impassioned. I need him so much. I love him so much. “I want to look after you.” “You do. All the time. I missed you so much while you were away.” “You did?” He sounds so surprised. “Yes, of course. I hate you going away.” I sense his smile. “You could have come with me.” “Christian, please. Let’s not rehash that argument. I want to work.” He sighs as I work my fingers gently through his hair. “I love you, Ana.” “I love you, too, Christian. I will always love you.” We both lie still in the calm, quiet after our storm. Listening to the steady beat of his heart, I drift exhausted into sleep. I wake with a start, disorientated. Where am I? The playroom. The lights are still on, softly illuminating the bloodred walls. Christian moans again, and I realize this is what woke me. “No,” he groans. He’s sprawled out beside me, his head back, his eyes screwed shut, his face
contorted in anguish. Holy shit. He’s having a nightmare. “No!” he cries out again. “Christian, wake up.” I struggle to sit up, kicking off the sheet. Kneeling beside him, I grab his shoulders and shake him as tears spring to my eyes. “Christian, please. Wake up!” His eyes spring open, gray and wild, his pupils enlarged with fear. He stares vacantly up at me. “Christian, you’re having a nightmare. You’re home. You’re safe.” He blinks, looks around frantically, and frowns as he takes in our surroundings. Then his eyes are back on mine. “Ana,” he breathes, and with no preamble whatsoever he grabs my face with both hands, pulls me down onto his chest, and kisses me. Hard. His tongue invades my mouth, and he tastes of desperation and need. Barely giving me a chance to breathe, he rolls over, his lips locked to mine so that he’s pressing me into the hard mattress of the four-poster. One of his hands clasps my jaw, the other spreads out on top of my head, keeping me still as his knee parts my legs and he nestles, still clothed in his jeans, between my thighs. “Ana,” he gasps as if he can’t believe I’m there with him. He gazes down at me for a split second, allowing me a moment to breathe. Then his lips are on mine again, plundering my mouth, taking all I have to give. He groans loudly, flexing his hips into me. His erection sheathed in denim pushes into my soft flesh. Oh . . . I moan, and all the pent-up sexual tension of earlier erupts, resurfacing with a vengeance, flushing my system with desire and need. Driven by his demons, he urgently kisses my face, my eyes, my cheeks, along my jaw. “I’m here,” I whisper, trying to calm him, our heated, panting breath mingling. I wrap my arms around his shoulders, as I grind my pelvis against his in welcome. “Oh, Ana,” he pants, his voice rough and low. “I need you.” “Me, too,” I whisper urgently, my body desperate for his touch. I want him. I want him now. I want to heal him. I want to heal me . . . I need this. His hand reaches down and tugs on the button of his fly, fumbling momentarily, then freeing his erection. Holy shit. I was asleep less than a minute ago. He shifts, staring down at me for a split second, suspended above me. “Yes. Please,” I breathe, my voice hoarse and needy. And in one swift move he buries himself inside me. “Ah!” I cry out, not from any pain, but from surprise at his alacrity. He groans, and his lips find mine again as he pushes into me, over and over, his tongue possessing me, too. He moves frantically, compelled by his fear, his lust, his desire, his—love? I don’t know, but I meet him thrust for thrust, welcoming him. “Ana,” he growls almost inarticulately, and he comes powerfully, pouring himself into me, his face strained, his body rigid, before he collapses with his full weight onto me, panting, and he leaves me hanging . . . again. Holy shit. This is not my night. My inner goddess is preparing to disembowel herself. I hold him, drawing in a lungful of air and practically writhing with need beneath him. He eases out of me and holds me for minutes . . . many minutes. Finally he shakes his head and leans up on his elbows, taking some of his weight. He gazes down at me as if seeing me for the first time. “Oh, Ana. Sweet Jesus.” He bends and kisses me tenderly. “You okay?” I breathe, caressing his lovely face. He nods, but he looks shaken and most definitely stirred. My own lost boy. He frowns and stares intently into my eyes as if finally registering where he
is. “You?” he asks, concern in his voice. “Um . . .” I wriggle beneath him, and after a moment he smiles, a slow carnal smile. “Mrs. Grey, you have needs,” he murmurs. He kisses me swiftly, then scoots off the bed. Kneeling on the floor at the end of the bed, he reaches up, grabs me just above the knees and pulls me toward him so my behind is on the edge of the bed. “Sit up,” he murmurs. I struggle into a sitting position, my hair falling like a veil around me, down to my breasts. His gray gaze holds mine as he gently pushes my legs apart as far as they’ll go. I lean back on my hands—knowing full well what he’s going to do. But . . . he’s just . . . um . . . “You are so fucking beautiful, Ana,” he breathes, and I watch his copper-haired head dip and plant a trail of kisses up my right thigh, heading north. My whole body clenches in anticipation. He glances up at me, his eyes darkening through long lashes. “Watch,” he rasps then his mouth is on me. Oh my. I cry out as the world is concentrated at the apex of my thighs, and it’s so erotic—Fuck— watching him. Watching his tongue against what feels like the most sensitive part of my body. And he shows no mercy, teasing and taunting, worshipping me. My body tenses and my arms start to tremble from the strain of staying upright. “No . . . ah,” I murmur. Gently, he eases one long finger inside me, and I can bear it no more, collapsing back onto the bed, relishing this mouth and fingers on and in me. Slowly and gently, he massages that sweet, sweet spot deep inside me. And that’s it—I’m gone. I explode around him, crying out an incoherent rendition of his name as my intense orgasm arches my back off the bed. I think I see stars it’s such a visceral primal feeling . . . Vaguely I’m aware that he’s nuzzling my belly, giving me soft, sweet kisses. Reaching down, I caress his hair. “I’m not finished with you yet,” he murmurs. And before I’ve fully come back to Seattle, Planet Earth, he’s reaching for me, grasping my hips and pulling me off the bed to where’s he’s kneeling, and into his waiting lap and onto his waiting erection. I gasp as he fills me. Holy cow . . . “Oh, baby,” he breathes as he wraps his arms around me and stills, cradling my head and kissing my face. He flexes his hips, and pleasure spikes hot and hard from deep within me. He reaches for my behind and lifts me, rocking his groin upward. “Ah,” I moan, and his lips are on mine again as he slowly, oh so slowly, lifts and rocks . . . lifts and rocks. I throw my arms around his neck, surrendering to his gentle rhythm and to wherever he’ll take me. I flex my thighs, riding him . . . he feels so good. Leaning backward, I tilt my head back, my mouth open wide in a silent expression of my pleasure, reveling in his sweet lovemaking. “Ana,” he breathes, and he leans down, kissing my throat. Holding me tight, slowly easing in and out, pushing me . . . higher and higher . . . so exquisitely timed—a fluid carnal force. Blissful pleasure radiates outward from deep, deep inside me as he holds me so intimately. “I love you, Ana,” he whispers close to my ear, his voice low and harsh, and he lifts me again—up, down, up, down. I curl my hands back around his neck into his hair. “I love you, too, Christian.” Opening my eyes, I find he’s gazing at me, and all I see is his love, shining bright and bold in the soft glow of the playroom light, his nightmare seemingly forgotten. And as I feel my body build toward my release, I realize this is what I wanted—this connection, this demonstration of our love. “Come for me, baby,” he whispers, his voice low. I screw my eyes shut as my body tightens at the low sound of his voice, and I come loudly, spiraling into an intense climax. He stills, his forehead
against mine, as he softly whispers my name, wraps his arms around me, and finds his own release. He lifts me gently and lays me on the bed. I lie in his arms, wrung out and finally sated. He nuzzles my neck. “Better now?” he whispers. “Hmm.” “Shall we go to bed, or do you want to sleep here?” “Hmm.” “Mrs. Grey, talk to me.” He sounds amused. “Hmm.” “Is that the best you can do?” “Hmm.” “Come. Let me put you to bed. I don’t like sleeping here.” Reluctantly, I shift and turn to face him. “Wait,” I whisper. He blinks at me, looking all wide-eyed and innocent, and at the same time thoroughly fucked and pleased with himself. “Are you okay?” I ask. He nods, smiling smugly like an adolescent boy. “I am now.” “Oh, Christian,” I scold and gently stroke his lovely face. “I was talking about your nightmare.” His expression freezes momentarily, then he closes his eyes and tightens his arms around me, burying his face in my neck. “Don’t,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and raw. My heart lurches and twists once more in my chest, and I clutch him tightly, running my hands down his back and through his hair. “I’m sorry,” I whisper, alarmed by his reaction. Holy fuck—how can I keep up with these mood swings? What the hell was his nightmare about? I don’t want to cause him any more pain by making him relive the details. “It’s okay,” I murmur softly, desperate to bring him back to the playful boy of a moment ago. “It’s okay,” I repeat over and over soothingly. “Let’s go to bed,” he says quietly after a while, and he pulls away from me, leaving me empty and aching as he rises from the bed. I scramble after him, keeping the satin sheet wrapped around me, and bend to pick up my clothes. “Leave those,” he says, and before I know it, he scoops me up in his arms. “I don’t want you to trip over this sheet and break your neck.” I put my arms around him marveling that he’s recovered his composure, and nuzzle him as he carries me downstairs to our bedroom. My eyes spring open. Something is wrong. Christian is not in bed, though it’s still dark. Glancing at the radio alarm, I see it’s three twenty in the morning. Where’s Christian? Then I hear the piano. Quickly slipping out of bed, I grab my robe and run down the hallway to the great room. The tune he’s playing is so sad—a mournful lament that I’ve heard him play before. I pause in the doorway and watch him in a pool of light while the achingly sorrowful music fills the room. He finishes then starts the piece again. Why such a plaintive tune? I wrap my arms around myself and listen spellbound as he plays. But my heart aches. Christian, why so sad? Is it because of me? Did I do this? When he finishes, only to start a third time, I can bear it no longer. He doesn’t look up as I near the piano, but shifts to one side so I can sit beside him on the piano bench. He continues to play, and I put my head on his shoulder. He kisses my hair but doesn’t stop playing until he’s finished the piece. I peek up at him and he’s staring down at me, warily. “Did I wake you?” he asks.
“Only because you were gone. What’s that piece called?” “It’s Chopin. It’s one of his preludes in E minor.” Christian pauses. “It’s called Suffocation . . .” Reaching over I take his hand. “You’re really shaken by all this, aren’t you?” He snorts. “A deranged asshole gets into my apartment to kidnap my wife. She won’t do as she’s told. She drives me crazy. She safe words on me.” He closes his eyes briefly, and when he opens them again, they are stark and raw. “Yeah, I’m pretty shaken up.” I squeeze his hand. “I’m sorry.” He presses his forehead against mine. “I dreamed you were dead,” he whispers. What? “Lying on the floor—so cold—and you wouldn’t wake up.” Oh, Fifty. “Hey—it was just a bad dream.” Reaching up, I clasp his head in my hands. His eyes burn into mine and the anguish in them is sobering. “I’m here and I’m cold without you in the bed. Come back to bed, please.” I take his hand and stand, waiting to see if he’ll follow me. Finally he stands, too. He’s wearing his pajama bottoms, and they hang in that way he has, and I want to run my fingers along the inside of his waistband, but I resist and lead him back to the bedroom. When I wake he’s curled around me, sleeping peacefully. I relax and enjoy his enveloping heat, his skin on my skin. I lie very still, not wanting to disturb him. Boy, what an evening. I feel like I’ve been run over by a train—the freight train that is my husband. Hard to believe that the man lying beside me, looking so serene and young in his sleep, was so tortured last night . . . and so tortured me last night. I gaze up at the ceiling, and it occurs to me that I always think of Christian as strong and dominating—yet the reality is he’s so fragile, my lost boy. And the irony is that he looks upon me as fragile—and I don’t think I am. Compared to him I’m strong. But am I strong enough for both of us? Strong enough to do what I’m told and give him some peace of mind? I sigh. He’s not asking that much of me. I flit through our conversation of last night. Did we decide anything other than to both try harder? The bottom line is that I love this man, and I need to chart a course for both of us. One that lets me keep my integrity and independence but still be more for him. I am his more, and he is mine. I resolve to make a special effort this weekend not to give him cause for concern.Christian stirs and lifts his head off my chest, looking sleepily at me. “Good morning, Mr. Grey.” I smile. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey. Did you sleep well?” He stretches out beside me. “Once my husband stopped making that terrible racket on the piano, yes, I did.” He smiles his shy smile, and I melt. “Terrible racket? I’ll be sure to e-mail Miss Kathie and let her know.” “Miss Kathie?” “My piano teacher.” I giggle. “That’s a lovely sound,” he says. “Shall we have a better day today?” “Okay,” I agree. “What do you want to do?” “After I have made love to my wife, and she’s cooked me breakfast, I’d like to take her to Aspen.” I gape at him. “Aspen?” “Yes.” “Aspen, Colorado?” “The very same. Unless they’ve moved it. After all, you did pay twenty-four thousand dollars for
the experience.” I grin at him. “That was your money.” “Our money.” “It was your money when I made the bid.” I roll my eyes. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, you and your eye rolling,” he whispers as he runs his hand up my thigh. “Won’t it take hours to get to Colorado?” I ask to distract him. “Not by jet,” he says silkily as his hand reaches my behind. Of course, my husband has a jet. How could I forget? His hand continues to skim up my body, lifting my nightdress as it goes, and soon I’ve forgotten everything. Taylor drives us onto the tarmac at Sea-Tac and around to where the GEH jet is waiting. It’s a gray day in Seattle, but I refuse to let the weather dampen my soaring spirits. Christian is in a much better mood. He’s excited about something—lit up like Christmas and twitching like a small boy with a big secret. I wonder what scheme he’s dreamed up. He looks dreamy, all tousled hair, white T-shirt and black jeans. Not CEO-like at all today. He takes my hand as Taylor glides to a stop at the foot of the jet steps. “I have a surprise for you,” he murmurs and kisses my knuckles. I grin at him. “Good surprise?” “I hope so.” He smiles warmly. Hmm . . . what can it be? Sawyer leaps out from the front and opens my door. Taylor opens Christian’s then retrieves our cases from the trunk. Stephan is waiting at the top of the stairs when we enter the aircraft. I glance into the cockpit and see First Officer Beighley flipping switches on the imposing instrument panel. Christian and Stephan shake hands. “Good morning, sir.” Stephan smiles. “Thanks for doing this at such short notice.” Christian grins back at him. “Our guests here?” “Yes sir.” Guests? I turn and gasp. Kate, Elliot, Mia, and Ethan are all smiling and sitting in the creamcolored leather seats. Wow! I spin around to Christian. “Surprise!” he says. “How? When? Who?” I mumble inarticulately, trying to contain my delight and elation. “You said you didn’t see enough of your friends.” He shrugs and gives me a lopsided, apologetic smile. “Oh, Christian, thank you.” I throw my arms around his neck and kiss him hard in front of everyone. He puts his hands on my hips, hooking his thumbs through the belt loops of my jeans, and deepens the kiss. Oh my. “Keep this up and I’ll drag you into the bedroom,” he murmurs. “You wouldn’t dare,” I whisper against his lips. “Oh, Anastasia.” He grins, shaking his head. He releases me and without further preamble, stoops down, grabs my thighs, and lifts me over his shoulder. “Christian, put me down!” I smack his behind. I briefly catch Stephan’s smile as he turns and heads into the cockpit. Taylor is standing at the doorway trying to stifle his grin. Ignoring my pleas and my futile struggles, Christian strides through the narrow cabin past Mia and Ethan who are facing each other in the single seats, past Kate and Elliot, who is whooping like a demented gibbon.
“If you’ll excuse me,” he says to our four guests. “I need to have a word with my wife in private.” “Christian!” I shout. “Put me down!” “All in good time, baby.” I have a brief view of Mia, Kate, and Elliot laughing. Damn it! This is not funny, it’s embarrassing. Ethan gawks at us, mouth open and utterly shocked, as we disappear into the cabin. Christian closes the cabin door behind him and releases me, letting me slide down his body slowly, so that I feel every hard sinew and muscle. He gives me his boyish grin, thoroughly pleased with himself. “That was quite a show, Mr. Grey,” I murmur, crossing my arms and regarding him with faux indignation. “That was fun, Mrs. Grey.” And his grin widens. Oh boy. He looks so young. “Are you going to follow through?” I arch a brow, unsure how I feel about this. I mean, the others will hear us, for heaven’s sake. Suddenly, I feel shy. Glancing anxiously at the bed, I feel a blush steal across my cheeks as I recall our wedding night. We talked so much yesterday, did so much yesterday. I feel as if we leaped some unknown hurdle—but that’s the problem. It’s unknown. My eyes find Christian’s intense but amused gaze, and I’m unable to keep a straight face. His grin is too infectious. “I think it might be rude to keep our guests waiting,” he says silkily as he steps toward me. When did he start to care what people think? I step back against the cabin wall and he imprisons me, the heat from his body holding me in place. He leans down and runs his nose along mine. “Good surprise?” he whispers, and there’s a hint of anxiety in his voice. “Oh, Christian, fantastic surprise.” I run my hands up his chest, curl them around his neck, and kiss him. “When did you organize this?” I ask when I pull away from him, stroking his hair. “Last night, when I couldn’t sleep. I e-mailed Elliot and Mia, and here they are.” “It’s very thoughtful. Thank you. I’m sure we’ll have a great time.” “I hope so. I thought it would be easier to avoid the press in Aspen than at home.” The paparazzi! He’s right. If we’d stayed in Escala, we’d have been imprisoned. A shiver runs down my spine as I recollect the snapping cameras and dazzling flashes of the few photographers Taylor sped through this morning. “Come. We’d better take our seats—Stephan will be taking off shortly.” He offers me his hand and together we walk back into the cabin. Elliot cheers as we enter. “That sure was speedy in-flight service!” he calls mockingly. Christian ignores him. “Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen as we’ll shortly begin taxiing for takeoff.” Stephan’s voice echoes calmly and authoritatively around the cabin. The brunette woman—um . . . Natalie?—who was on the flight for our wedding night appears from the galley and gathers up the discarded coffee cups. Natalia . . . Her name’s Natalia. “Good morning Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey,” she says with a purr. Why does she make me uncomfortable? Maybe it’s that she’s a brunette. By his own admission, Christian doesn’t usually employ brunettes because he finds them attractive. He gives Natalia a polite smile as he slides in behind the table and sits down facing Elliot and Kate. I swiftly hug Kate and Mia and give Ethan and Elliot a wave before sitting down and buckling up beside Christian. He puts his hand on my knee and gives it an affectionate squeeze. He seems relaxed and happy even though we’re with company. Idly, I wonder why he can’t always be like this—not controlling at all. “Hope you packed your hiking boots,” he says, his voice warm.
“We’re not going skiing?” “That would be a challenge, in August,” he says, amused. Oh, of course. “Do you ski, Ana?” Elliot interrupts us. “No.” Christian moves his hand from my knee to clasp my hand. “I’m sure my little brother can teach you.” Elliot winks at me. “He’s pretty fast on the slopes, too.” And I can’t help my blush. When I glance up at Christian, he’s gazing impassively at Elliot, but I think he’s trying to suppress his mirth. The plane surges forward and starts taxiing toward the runway. Natalia runs through the plane’s safety procedures in a clear, ringing voice. She’s dressed in a neat navy short-sleeved shirt and matching pencil skirt. Her makeup is immaculate—she really is quite pretty. My subconscious raises a plucked-to-within-an-inch-of-its-life eyebrow at me. “You okay?” Kate asks me pointedly. “I mean, following the Hyde business?” I nod. I don’t want to think or talk about Hyde, but Kate seems to have other plans. “So why did he go postal?” she asks, cutting to the heart of the matter in her inimitable style. She tosses her hair behind her as she prepares to investigate the matter. Eyeing her coolly, Christian shrugs. “I fired his ass,” he says bluntly. “Oh? Why?” Kate tilts her head to one side, and I know she’s in full Nancy Drew mode. “He made at pass at me,” I mutter. I try to kick Kate’s ankle beneath the table, and miss. Shit! “When?” Kate glares at me. “Ages ago.” “You never told me he made a pass at you!” she splutters. I shrug, apologetically. “It can’t just be a grudge about that, surely. I mean his reaction is way too extreme,” Kate continues, but now she directs her questions at Christian. “Is he mentally unstable? What about all the information he has on you Greys?” Her grilling Christian this way makes my hackles rise, but she’s already established I know nothing so she can’t ask me. The thought is annoying. “We think there’s a connection with Detroit,” Christian says mildly. Too mildly. Oh no, Kate, please give it up for now. “Hyde is from Detroit, too?” Christian nods. The plane accelerates, and I tighten my grip on Christian’s hand. He glances at me reassuringly. He knows I hate takeoffs and landings. He squeezes my hand and his thumb strokes my knuckles, calming me. “What do you know about him?” Elliot asks, oblivious to the fact we are hurtling down the runway in a small jet about to launch itself into the sky, and equally oblivious to Christian’s growing exasperation with Kate. Kate leans forward, listening attentively. “This is off the record,” Christian says directly to her. Kate’s mouth sets in a subtle but thin line. I swallow. Oh shit. “We know a little about him,” Christian continues. “His dad died in a brawl in a bar. His mother drank herself into oblivion. He was in and out of foster homes as a kid . . . in and out of trouble, too. Mainly boosting cars. Spent time in juvie. His mom got back on track through some outreach program, and Hyde turned himself around. Won a scholarship to Princeton.” “Princeton?” Kate’s curiosity is piqued. “Yep. He’s a bright boy.” Christian shrugs.
“Not that bright. He got caught,” Elliot mutters. “But surely he can’t have pulled this stunt alone?” Kate asks. Christian stiffens beside me. “We don’t know yet.” His voice is very quiet. Holy crap. There could be someone working with him? I turn and gape in horror at Christian. He squeezes my hand once more but doesn’t look me in the eye. The plane lifts smoothly into the air, and I get that horrible sinking feeling in my stomach. “How old is he?” I ask Christian, leaning close so only he can hear. Much as I’d like to know what’s going on, I don’t want to encourage Kate’s questions. I know they’re irritating Christian, and I’m sure she’s on his shit list since Cocktailgate. “Thirty-two. Why?” “Curious, that’s all.” Christian’s jaw tightens. “Don’t be curious about Hyde. I’m just glad the fucker’s locked up.” It’s almost a reprimand, but I choose to ignore his tone. “Do you think he’s working with someone?” The thought that someone else might be involved makes me sick. It would mean this isn’t over. “I don’t know,” Christian answers, and his jaw tightens once more. “Maybe someone who has a grudge against you?” I suggest. Holy shit. I hope it’s not the bitch troll. “Like Elena?” I whisper. I realize I’ve muttered her name out loud, but only he can hear. I glance anxiously at Kate, but she’s deep in conversation with Elliot who looks pissed at her. Hmm. “You do like to demonize her, don’t you?” Christian rolls his eyes and shakes his head in disgust. “She may hold a grudge, but she wouldn’t do this kind of thing.” He pins me with a steady gray gaze. “Let’s not discuss her. I know she’s not your favorite topic of conversation.” “Have you confronted her?” I whisper, not sure if I really want to know. “Ana, I haven’t spoken to her since my birthday party. Please, drop it. I don’t want to talk about her.” He raises my hand and brushes my knuckles with his lips. His eyes burn into mine, and I know I shouldn’t pursue this line of questioning right now. “Get a room,” Elliot teases. “Oh right—you already have, but you didn’t need it for long.” He smirks. Christian glances up and pins Elliot with a cool glare. “Fuck off, Elliot,” he says without malice. “Dude, just telling you how it is.” Elliot’s eyes light up with mirth. “Like you’d know,” Christian murmurs sardonically, raising an eyebrow. Elliot grins, enjoying the banter. “You married your first girlfriend.” Elliot gestures at me. Oh shit. Where is this going? I flush. “Can you blame me?” Christian kisses my hand again. “No.” Elliot laughs and shakes his head. I flush, and Kate slaps Elliot’s thigh. “Stop being an ass,” she scolds him. “Listen to your girlfriend,” Christian says to Elliot, grinning, and his earlier concern seems to have disappeared. My ears pop as we gain altitude, and the tension in the cabin dissipates as the plane levels out. Kate scowls at Elliot. Hmm . . . is something up between them? I’m not sure. Elliot is right. I snort at the irony. I am—was—Christian’s first girlfriend, and now I’m his wife. The fifteen and the evil Mrs. Robinson—they don’t count. But then Elliot doesn’t know about them, and clearly Kate hasn’t told him. I smile at her, and she gives me a conspiratorial wink. My secrets are safe with Kate. “Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we’ll be cruising at an altitude of approximately thirty-two thousand
feet, and our estimated flight time is one hour and fifty-six minutes,” Stephan announces. “You are now free to move around the cabin.” Natalia appears abruptly from the galley. “May I offer anyone coffee?” she asks.
We land smoothly at Sardy Field at 12:25 p.m. (MST). Stephan brings the plane to a halt a little way from the main terminal, and through the windows I spot a large VW minivan waiting for us. “Good landing.” Christian grins and shakes Stephan’s hand as we get ready to file out of the jet. “It’s all about the density altitude, sir.” Stephan smiles back. “Beighley here is good at math.” Christian nods at Stephan’s first officer. “You nailed it, Beighley. Smooth landing.” “Thank you, sir.” She grins smugly. “Enjoy your weekend, Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey. We’ll see you tomorrow.” Stephan steps aside to let us disembark and taking my hand, Christian leads me down the aircraft steps to where Taylor is waiting by the vehicle. “Minivan?” says Christian in surprise as Taylor slides open the door. Taylor gives him a tight, contrite smile and a slight shrug. “Last minute, I know,” Christian says, immediately placated. Taylor returns to the plane to retrieve our luggage. “Want to make out in the back of the van?” Christian murmurs to me, a mischievous gleam in his eye. I giggle. Who is this man, and what has he done with Mr. Unbelievably Angry of the last couple of days? “Come on, you two. Get in,” Mia says from behind us, oozing impatience beside Ethan. We climb in, stagger to the double seat at the back, and sit down. I snuggle against Christian, and he puts his arm around the back of my seat. “Comfortable?” he murmurs as Mia and Ethan take the seat in front of us. “Yes.” I smile and he kisses my forehead. And for some unfathomable reason I feel shy with him today. Why? Last night? Being with company? I can’t put my finger on it. Elliot and Kate join us last as Taylor opens the liftgate to load the luggage. Five minutes later, we are on our way. I gaze out the window as we head toward Aspen. The trees are green, but a whisper of the coming fall is evident here and there in the yellowing tips of the leaves. The sky is a clear crystal blue, though there are darkening clouds to the west. All around us in the distance loom the Rockies, the highest peak directly ahead. They’re lush and green, and the highest are capped with snow and look like a child’s drawing of mountains. We’re in the winter playground of the rich and famous. And I own a house here. I can barely
believe it. And from deep within my psyche, the familiar unease that’s always present when I try to wrap my head around Christian’s wealth looms and taunts me, making me feel guilty. What have I done to deserve this lifestyle? I’ve done nothing, nothing except fall in love. “Have you been to Aspen before, Ana?” Ethan turns and asks, dragging me out of my reverie. “No, first time. You?” “Kate and I used to come here a lot when we were teens. Dad’s a keen skier. Mom less so.” “I’m hoping my husband will teach me how to ski.” I glance up at my man. “Don’t bet on it,” Christian mutters. “I won’t be that bad!” “You might break your neck.” His grin gone. Oh. I don’t want to argue and sour his good mood, so I change the subject. “How long have you had this place?” “Nearly two years. It’s yours now, too, Mrs. Grey,” he says softly. “I know,” I whisper. But somehow I don’t feel the courage of my convictions. Leaning in, I kiss his jaw and nestle once more at his side listening to him laugh and joke with Ethan and Elliot. Mia chimes in occasionally, but Kate is quiet, and I wonder if she’s brooding about Jack Hyde or something else. Then I remember. Aspen . . . Christian’s house here was redesigned by Gia Matteo and rebuilt by Elliot. I wonder if that’s what’s preoccupying Kate. I can’t ask her in front of Elliot, given his history with Gia. Does Kate even know about Gia’s connection to the house? I frown wondering what could be bothering her and resolve to ask her when we’re on our own. We drive through the center of Aspen and my mood brightens as I take in the town. There are squat buildings of mostly red brick, Swiss-style chalets, and numerous little turn of the century houses painted in fun colors. Plenty of banks and designer shops, too, betraying the affluence of the local populace. Of course Christian fits in here. “Why did you choose Aspen?” I ask him. “What?” He regards me quizzically. “To buy a place.” “Mom and Dad used to bring us here when we were kids. I learned to ski here, and I like the place. I hope you do, too—otherwise we’ll sell the house and choose somewhere else.” Simple as that! He tucks a loose strand of my hair behind my ear. “You look lovely today,” he murmurs. My cheeks heat. I’m just wearing my travelling gear: jeans and a T-shirt with a lightweight navy blue jacket. Damn it. Why does he make me feel shy? He kisses me, a tender, sweet, loving kiss. Taylor drives us on out of town, and we start to climb the other side of the valley, twisting along a mountain road. The higher we go, the more excited I get, and Christian tenses beside me. “What’s wrong?” I ask as we round a bend. “I hope you like it,” he says quietly. “We’re here.” Taylor slows and turns through a gateway made of gray, beige, and red stones. He heads down the driveway and finally pulls up outside the impressive house. Double fronted with high-pitched roofs and built of dark wood and the same mixed stone as the gateway. It’s stunning—modern and stark, very much Christian’s style. “Home,” he mouths at me as our guests start piling out of the van. “Looks good.” “Come. See,” he says, an excited, though anxious, gleam in his eyes as if he’s about to show me his
science project or something. Mia runs up the steps to where a woman stands in the doorway. She’s tiny and her raven-colored hair is dusted with gray. Mia flings her arms around her neck and hugs her tightly. “Who’s that?” I ask as Christian helps me out of the van. “Mrs. Bentley. She lives here with her husband. They look after the place.” Holy cow . . . more staff? Mia is making introductions—Ethan, then Kate. Elliot hugs Mrs. Bentley, too. As Taylor unloads the van, Christian takes my hand and leads me to the front door. “Welcome back, Mr. Grey.” Mrs. Bentley smiles. “Carmella, this is my wife, Anastasia,” Christian says proudly. His tongue caresses my name, making my heart stutter. “Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Bentley nods a respectful greeting. I hold out my hand and we shake. It’s no surprise to me that she’s much more formal with Christian than the rest of the family. “I hope you’ve had a pleasant flight. The weather is supposed to be fine all weekend, though I’m not sure.” She eyes the darkening gray clouds behind us. “Lunch is ready whenever you want.” She smiles again, her dark eyes twinkling, and I warm to her immediately. “Here.” Christian grabs me and lifts me off my feet. “What are you doing?” I squeal. “Carrying you over yet another threshold, Mrs. Grey.” I grin as he carries me into the wide hallway, and after a brief kiss, he sets me gently down onto the hardwood floor. The interior décor is stark and reminds me of the great room at Escala—all white walls, dark wood, and contemporary abstract art. The hallway opens up into a large sitting area where three off-white leather couches surround a stone fireplace that dominates the room. The only color is from the soft cushions scattered on the couches. Mia grabs Ethan’s hand and drags him farther into the house. Christian narrows his eyes at their departing figures, his mouth thinning. He shakes his head then turns to me. Kate whistles loudly. “Nice place.” I glance around to see Elliot helping Taylor with our luggage. I wonder again if she knows that Gia had a hand in this place. “Tour?” Christian asks me, and whatever was going through his mind about Mia and Ethan has gone. He’s radiating excitement—or is it anxiety? It’s difficult to tell. “Sure.” Once again I’m overwhelmed by the wealth. How much did this place cost? And I have contributed nothing to it. Briefly I’m transported back to the first time Christian took me to Escala. I was overwhelmed then. You got used to it, my subconscious hisses at me. Christian frowns but takes my hand, leading me through the various rooms. The state-of-the-art kitchen is all pale marble countertops and black cupboards. There’s an impressive wine cellar, and an expansive den downstairs, complete with large plasma screen, soft couches . . . and a billiard table. I gape at it and blush when Christian catches me. “Fancy a game?” he asks, a wicked gleam in his eye. I shake my head, and his brow furrows once more. Taking my hand again, he leads me up to the first floor. There are four bedrooms upstairs, each with an en suite bathroom. The master suite is something else. The bed is huge, bigger than the bed at home, and faces an enormous picture window looking out over Aspen and toward the verdant mountains. “That’s Ajax Mountain . . . or Aspen Mountain, if you like,” Christian says, eyeing me warily. He’s standing in the doorway, his thumbs hooked through the belt loops on his black jeans.
I nod. “You’re very quiet,” he murmurs. “It’s lovely, Christian.” And suddenly I’m aching to be back at Escala. In five long strides he’s standing in front of me, tugging at my chin, and releasing my lower lip from the grip of my teeth. “What is it?” he asks, his eyes searching mine. “You’re very rich.” “Yes.” “Sometimes, it just takes me by surprise how wealthy you are.” “We are.” “We are,” I mutter automatically. “Don’t stress about this, Ana, please. It’s just a house.” “And what did Gia do here, exactly?” “Gia?” He raises his eyebrows in surprise. “Yes. She remodeled this place?” “She did. She designed the den downstairs. Elliot did the build.” He rakes his hand through his hair and frowns at me. “Why are we talking about Gia?” “Did you know she had a fling with Elliot?” Christian gazes at me for a moment, gray eyes unreadable. “Elliot’s fucked most of Seattle, Ana.” I gasp. “Mainly women, I understand,” Christian jokes. I think he’s amused by my expression. “No!” Christian nods. “It’s none of my business.” He holds his palms up. “I don’t think Kate knows.” “I’m not sure he broadcasts that information. Kate seems to be holding her own.” I’m shocked. Sweet, unassuming, blond, blue-eyed Elliot? I stare in disbelief. Christian tilts his head to one side, scrutinizing me. “This can’t just be about Gia or Elliot’s promiscuity.” “I know. I’m sorry. After all that’s happened this week, it’s just . . .” I shrug, feeling tearful all of a sudden. Christian seems to sag with relief. Pulling me into his arms, he holds me tightly, his nose in my hair. “I know. I’m sorry, too. Let’s relax and enjoy ourselves, okay? You can stay here and read, watch god-awful TV shop, go hiking—fishing even. Whatever you want to do. And forget what I said about , Elliot. That was indiscreet of me.” “Goes some way to explain why he’s always teasing you,” I murmur, nuzzling his chest. “He really has no idea about my past. I told you, my family assumed I was gay. Celibate, but gay.” I giggle and begin to relax in his arms. “I thought you were celibate. How wrong I was.” I wrap my arms around him, marveling at the ridiculousness of Christian being gay. “Mrs. Grey, are you smirking at me?” “Maybe a little.” I acquiesce. “You know, what I don’t understand is why you have this place?” “What do you mean?” He kisses my hair. “You have the boat, which I get, you have the place in New York for business—but why here? It’s not like you shared it with anyone.” Christian stills and is silent for several beats. “I was waiting for you,” he says softly, his eyes dark gray and luminous.
“That’s . . . that’s such a lovely thing to say.” “It’s true. I didn’t know it at the time.” He smiles his shy smile. “I’m glad you waited.” “You are worth waiting for, Mrs. Grey.” He tips my chin up with his finger, leans down, and kisses me tenderly. “So are you.” I smile. “Though I feel I like I cheated. I didn’t have to wait long for you at all.” He grins. “Am I that much of a prize?” “Christian, you are the state lottery, the cure for cancer, and the three wishes from Aladdin’s lamp all rolled into one.” He raises a brow. “When will you realize this?” I scold him. “You were a very eligible bachelor. And I don’t mean all this.” I wave dismissingly at our plush surroundings. “I mean in here.” I place my hand over his heart, and his eyes widen. My confident, sexy husband has gone, and I’m facing my lost boy. “Believe me, Christian, please,” I whisper and clasp his face, pulling his lips to mine. He groans, and I don’t know if it’s hearing what I’ve said or his usual primal response. I claim him, my lips moving against his, my tongue invading his mouth. When we’re both breathless, he pulls away, eyeing me doubtfully. “When are you going to get it through your exceptionally thick skull that I love you?” I ask, exasperated. He swallows. “One day,” he says. This is progress. I smile and am rewarded with his answering shy smile. “Come. Let’s have some lunch—the others will be wondering where we are. We can discuss what we all want to do.” “Oh no!” Kate says suddenly. All eyes turn to her. “Look,” she says, pointing to the picture window. Outside, rain has started pouring down. We are sitting around the dark wood table in the kitchen having consumed an Italian feast of a mixed antipasto, prepared by Mrs. Bentley, and a bottle or two of Frascati. I’m replete and a little buzzed from the alcohol. “There goes our hike,” Elliot mutters, sounding vaguely relieved. Kate scowls at him. Something is definitely up with them. They have been relaxed with all of us but not with each other. “We could go into town,” Mia pipes up. Ethan smirks at her. “Perfect weather for fishing,” Christian suggests. “I’ll go fish,” Ethan says. “Let’s split up.” Mia claps her hands. “Girls, shopping—boys, outdoor boring stuff.” I glance at Kate, who regards Mia indulgently. Fishing or shopping? Jeez, what a choice. “Ana, what do you want to do?” Christian asks. “I don’t mind,” I lie. Kate catches my eye and mouths “shopping.” Perhaps she wants to talk. “But I’m more than happy to go shopping.” I smile wryly at Kate and Mia. Christian smirks. He knows I hate shopping. “I can stay here with you, if you’d like,” he murmurs, and something dark unfurls in my belly at his tone. “No, you go fish,” I answer. Christian needs boy time.
“Sounds like a plan,” Kate says, rising from the table. “Taylor will accompany you,” Christian says, and it’s a given—not up for discussion. “We don’t need babysitting,” Kate retorts bluntly, direct as ever. I put my hand on Kate’s arm. “Kate, Taylor should come.” She frowns, then shrugs, and for once in her life holds her tongue. I smile timidly at Christian. His expression remains impassive. Oh, I hope he’s not mad at Kate. Elliot frowns. “I need to pick up a battery for my watch in town.” He glances quickly at Kate, and I spot his slight blush. She doesn’t notice because she is pointedly ignoring him. “Take the Audi, Elliot. When you come back we can go fishing,” Christian says. “Yeah,” Elliot mutters, but he seems distracted. “Good plan.” “In here.” Grabbing my hand, Mia hauls me into a designer boutique that’s all pink silk and fauxFrench distressed rustic furniture. Kate follows us while Taylor waits outside, sheltering under the awning from the rain. Aretha is belting out “Say A Little Prayer” over the store’s hi-fi system. I love this song. I should put it on Christian’s iPod. “This will look wonderful on you, Ana.” Mia holds up a scrap of silver material. “Here, try it on.” “Um . . . it’s a bit short.” “You’ll look fantastic in it. Christian will love it.” “You think?” Mia beams at me. “Ana, you have legs to die for, and if we go clubbing tonight”—she smiles, sensing an easy kill—“you’ll look hot for your husband.” I blink at her, slightly shocked. We’re going clubbing? I don’t do clubbing. Kate laughs at my expression. She seems more relaxed now that she’s away from Elliot. “We should throw some shapes this evening,” she says. “Go try it on,” Mia orders, and reluctantly I head for the changing room. While I wait for Kate and Mia to emerge from the dressing room, I stroll to the shop window and look out, unseeing, across the main street. The soul compilation continues: Dionne Warwick is singing “Walk On By.” Another great song—one of my mother’s favorites. I glance down at The Dress in my hand. Dress is perhaps an overstatement. It’s backless and very short, but Mia has declared it a winner, perfect for dancing the night away. Apparently, I need shoes, too, and a large chunky necklace, which we’ll source next. Rolling my eyes, I reflect once more on how lucky I am to have Caroline Acton, my own personal shopper. Through the boutique window I’m distracted by the sight of Elliot. He has appeared on the other side of the leafy main street, climbing out of a large Audi. He dives into a store as if to duck out of the rain. Looks like a jewelry store . . . maybe he’s looking for that watch battery. He emerges a few minutes later and not alone—with a woman. Fuck! He’s talking to Gia! What the hell is she doing here? As I watch, they hug briefly and she holds her head back, laughing animatedly at something he says. He kisses her cheek then runs to the waiting car. She turns and heads down the street, and I gape after her. What was that about? I turn anxiously toward the dressing rooms, but there’s still no sign of Kate or Mia. I glance at Taylor, where he’s waiting outside the store. He catches my eye then shrugs. He’s witnessed Elliot’s little encounter, too. I blush, embarrassed to have been caught snooping. Turning back, Mia and Kate emerge, both of them laughing. Kate looks at me quizzically.
“What’s wrong, Ana?” she asks. “You gone cold on the dress? You look sensational in it.” “Um, no.” “Are you okay?” Kate’s eyes widen. “I’m fine. Shall we pay?” I head to the cashier joining Mia who has chosen two skirts. “Good afternoon, ma’am.” The young sales assistant—who has more gloss coating her lips than I have ever seen in one place—smiles at me. “That’ll be eight hundred and fifty dollars.” What? For this scrap of material! I blink at her and meekly hand over my black Amex. “Mrs. Grey,” Ms. Lip Gloss purrs. I follow Kate and Mia in a daze for the next two hours, warring with myself. Should I tell Kate? My subconscious firmly shakes her head. Yes, I should tell her. No, I shouldn’t. It could just have been an innocent meeting. Shit. What should I do? “Well, do you like the shoes, Ana?” Mia has her fists on her hips. “Um . . . yeah, sure.” I end up with a pair of unfeasibly high Manolo Blahniks with straps that look like they are made from mirrors. They match the dress perfectly and set Christian back just over a thousand dollars. I’m luckier with the long silver chain that Kate insists I buy; it’s a bargain at eighty-four dollars. “Getting used to having money?” Kate asks not unkindly as we walk back to the car. Mia has skipped ahead. “You know this isn’t me, Kate. I’m kind of uncomfortable about all this. But I’m reliably informed it’s part of the package.” I purse my lips at her, and she puts her arm around me. “You’ll get used to it, Ana,” she says sympathetically. “You’ll look great.” “Kate, how are you and Elliot getting along?” I ask. Her wide blue eyes dart to mine. Oh no. She shakes her head. “I don’t want to talk about it now.” She nods toward Mia. “But things are—” She doesn’t finish her sentence. This is unlike my tenacious Kate. Shit. I knew something was up. Do I tell her what I saw? What did I see? Elliot and Miss Well-Groomed-Sexual-Predator talking, hugging, and that kiss on the cheek. Surely they are just old friends? No, I won’t tell her. Not right now. I give her my Icompletely-understand-and-will-respect-your-privacy nod. She reaches for my hand and gives it a grateful squeeze, and there it is—a swift glimpse of pain and hurt in her eyes that she quickly stifles with a blink. I feel a sudden surge of protectiveness for my dear friend. What the hell is Elliot Manwhore Grey playing at? Once back at the house, Kate decides we deserve cocktails after our shopping extravaganza and whips up some strawberry daiquiris for us. We curl up on the sitting room couches in front of the blazing log fire. “Elliot has just been a little distant lately,” Kate murmurs, gazing into the flames. Kate and I finally have a moment to ourselves as Mia puts away her purchases.“Oh?” “And I think I’m in trouble for getting you into trouble.” “You heard about that?” “Yes. Christian called Elliot; Elliot called me.” I roll my eyes. Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. “I’m sorry. Christian is . . . protective. You haven’t seen Elliot since cocktailgate?” “No.”
“Oh.” “I really like him, Ana,” she whispers. And for one dreadful minute I think she’s going to cry. This is not like Kate. Does this mean the return of the pink pajamas? She turns to me. “I’ve fallen in love with him. At first I thought it was just the great sex. But he’s charming and kind and warm and funny. I could see us growing old together—you know . . . kids, grandkids—the works.” “Your happily ever after,” I whisper. She nods sadly. “Maybe you should talk to him. Try to find some alone time here. Find out what’s eating him.” Who’s eating him, my subconscious snarls. I slap her down, shocked at the waywardness of my own thoughts. “Perhaps you guys could go for a walk tomorrow morning?” “We’ll see.” “Kate, I hate seeing you like this.” She smiles weakly, and I lean over to hug her. I resolve not to mention Gia, though I might mention it to the manwhore himself. How can he mess with my friend’s affections like this? Mia returns, and we move on to safer territory. The fire hisses and spits sparks on to the hearth as I feed it the last log. We’re almost out of wood. Even though it’s summer, the fire is very welcome on this wet day. “Mia, do you know where the wood for the fire is kept?” I ask as she sips her daiquiri. “I think it’s in the garage.” “I’ll go find some. It’ll give me an opportunity to explore.” The rain has eased off when I venture outside and head to the three-car garage adjoining the house. The side door is unlocked and I enter, switching on the light to fight the gloom. The fluorescent strips ping noisily to life. There’s a car in the garage, and I realize it’s the Audi I saw Elliot in this afternoon. There are also two snowmobiles. But what really grabs my attention are the two trail bikes, both 125cc. Memories of Ethan bravely endeavoring to teach me how to ride last summer flash through my mind. Unconsciously, I rub my arm where I badly bruised it in a fall. “You ride?” Elliot asks from behind me. I whirl around. “You’re back.” “It would appear so.” He grins, and I realize that Christian might say the same thing to me—but without the huge, heart-melting grin. “Well?” he asks. Manwhore! “Sort of.” “Do you want a go?” I snort. “Um, no . . . I don’t think Christian would be very happy if I did.” “Christian’s not here.” Elliot smirks—oh, it’s a family trait —and waves his arm to indicate we’re alone. He strolls toward the nearest bike and swings a long denim-clad leg over the saddle, sitting astride and grabbing the handlebars. “Christian has, um . . . issues about my safety. I shouldn’t.” “You always do what he says?” Elliot has a wicked sparkle in his baby-blue eyes, and I see a glimmer of the bad boy . . . the bad boy Kate has fallen in love with. The bad boy from Detroit. “No.” I arch an admonishing brow at him. “But I’m trying to put that right. He has enough to worry about without adding me to the mix. Is he back?”
“I don’t know.” “You didn’t go fishing?” Elliot shakes his head. “I had some business to deal with in town.” Business! Holy shit—groomed blonde business! I inhale sharply and gape at him. “If you don’t want to ride, what are you doing in the garage?” Elliot is intrigued. “I’m looking for wood for the fire.” “There you are. Oh, Elliot—you’re back.” Kate interrupts us. “Hey, baby.” He smiles broadly. “Catch anything?” I scrutinize Elliot’s reaction. “No. I had a few things to take care of in town.” And for one brief moment, I see a flash of uncertainty cross his face. Oh shit. “I came out to see what was keeping Ana.” Kate looks at us, confused. “We were just shooting the breeze,” Elliot says, and the tension crackles between them. We all pause as we hear a car pull up outside. Oh! Christian’s back. Thank heavens. The garage door opener whirrs loudly into action, startling us all, and the door slowly lifts to reveal Christian and Ethan unloading a black flatbed truck. Christian stops when he sees us standing in the garage. “Garage band?” he asks sardonically as he wanders in, heading straight for me. I grin. I am relieved to see him. Beneath his wading jacket, he’s wearing the coveralls I sold him at Claytons. “Hi,” he says looking quizzically at me, ignoring both Kate and Elliot. “Hi. Nice coveralls.” “Lots of pockets. Very handy for fishing.” His voice is soft and seductive, for my ears only, and when he gazes down at me, his expression is hot. I flush, and he smiles a huge, no-holds-barred, all-for-me smile. “You’re wet,” I murmur. “It was raining. What are you guys doing in the garage?” Finally he acknowledges that we are not alone. “Ana came to fetch some wood,” Elliot smirks. Somehow he manages to make that sentence sound smutty. “I tried to tempt her to take a ride.” He is master of the double entendre. Christian’s face falls, and my heart stills. “She said no. That you wouldn’t like it,” Elliot says kindly—and innuendo-free. Christian’s gray gaze swings back to me. “Did she, now?” he murmurs. “Listen, I’m all for standing around discussing what Ana did next, but shall we go back inside?” Kate snaps. She stoops down, snatches up two logs, and turns on her heel, stomping toward the door. Oh shit. Kate is mad—but I know it’s not at me. Elliot sighs and, without a word, follows her out. I gaze after them, but Christian distracts me. “You can ride a motorcycle?” he asks, his voice laced with disbelief. “Not very well. Ethan taught me.” His eyes frost immediately. “You made the right decision,” he says, his voice much cooler. “The ground’s very hard at the moment, and the rain’s made it treacherous and slippery.” “Where do you want the fishing gear?” Ethan calls from outside. “Leave it, Ethan—Taylor will take care of it.” “What about the fish?” Ethan continues, his voice vaguely taunting. “You caught a fish?” I ask, surprised.
“Not me. Kavanagh did.” And Christian pouts . . . prettily. I burst out laughing. “Mrs. Bentley will deal with that,” he calls back. Ethan grins and heads into the house. “Am I amusing you, Mrs. Grey?” “Very much so. You’re wet . . . Let me run you a bath.” “As long as you join me.” He leans down and kisses me. I fill the large egg-shaped tub in the en suite bathroom and pour in some expensive bath oil, which starts to foam immediately. The aroma is heavenly . . . jasmine, I think. Back in the bedroom, I start to hang The Dress while the bath fills. “Did you have a good time?” Christian asks as he enters the room. He’s just in a T-shirt and sweat pants, his feet bare. He closes the door behind him. “Yes,” I murmur, drinking him in. I have missed him. Ridiculous—it’s only been what, a few hours? He cocks his head to one side and gazes at me. “What is it?” “I was thinking how much I’ve missed you.” “You sound like you have it bad, Mrs. Grey.” “I have, Mr. Grey.” He strolls toward me until he’s standing in front of me. “What did you buy?” he whispers, and I know it’s to change the topic of conversation. “A dress, some shoes, a necklace. I spent a great deal of your money.” I glance up at him, guiltily. He’s amused. “Good,” he murmurs and tucks a stray lock of my hair behind my ear. “And for the billionth time, our money.” He tugs my chin, releasing my lip from my teeth and runs his index finger down the front of my T-shirt, down my sternum, between my breasts, down my stomach, and over my belly to the hem. “You won’t be needing this in the bath,” he whispers, and gripping the hem of my T-shirt in both hands, slowly pulls it up. “Lift your arms.” I comply, not taking my eyes off his, and he drops my T-shirt on the floor. “I thought we were just having a bath.” My pulse quickens. “I want to make you good and dirty first. I’ve missed you, too.” He leans down and kisses me. “Shit, the water!” I struggle to sit up, all post-orgasmic and dazed. Christian doesn’t release me. “Christian, the bath!” I gaze down at him from my prone position across his chest. He laughs. “Relax—it’s a wet room.” He rolls over and kisses me quickly. “I’ll switch off the faucet.” He climbs gracefully off the bed and strolls into the bathroom. My eyes greedily follow him all the way. Hmm . . . my husband, naked and soon to be wet. My inner goddess licks her lips salaciously and gives me her well-fucked grin. I bound out of bed. We sit at opposite ends of the bath, which is very full—so full that whenever we move, water laps over the side and splashes to the floor. It’s very decadent. Even more decadent is Christian washing my feet, massaging the soles, pulling gently on my toes. He kisses each one and gently bites my little toe. “Aaah!” I feel it—there, in my groin.
“Like that?” he breathes. “Hmm,” I mumble incoherently. He starts massaging again. Oh, this feels good. I close my eyes. “I saw Gia in town,” I murmur. “Really? I think she has a place here,” he says dismissively. He’s not interested in the slightest. “She was with Elliot.” Christian stops massaging. That got his attention. When I open my eyes his head is inclined to one side, like he doesn’t understand. “What do you mean with Elliot?” he asks, perplexed rather than concerned. I explain what I saw. “Ana, they’re just friends. I think Elliot is pretty stuck on Kate.” He pauses then adds more quietly. “In fact I know he’s pretty stuck on her.” And he gives me his I-have-no-idea-why look. “Kate is gorgeous.” I bristle, championing my friend. He snorts. “Still glad it was you that fell into my office.” He kisses my big toe, releases my left foot, and picks up my right before beginning the massage process again. His fingers are so strong and supple, I relax again. I do not want to fight about Kate. I close my eyes and let his fingers work their magic on my feet. I gape at myself in the full-length mirror, not recognizing the vixen that stares back at me. Kate has gone all out and played Barbie with me this evening, styling my hair and makeup. My hair is full and straight, my eyes ringed with kohl, my lips scarlet red. I look . . . hot. I’m all legs, especially in the high-heeled Manolos and my indecently short dress. I need Christian to approve, though I have a horrible feeling he won’t like so much of my flesh exposed. In view of our entente cordiale, I decide I should ask him. I pick up my BlackBerry. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Does My Butt Look Big In This? Date: August 27, 2011 18:53 MST To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey I need your sartorial advice. Yours Mrs. G x From: Christian Grey Subject: Peachy Date: August 27, 2011 18:55 MST To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I seriously doubt it. But I will come and give your butt a thorough examination just to make sure. Yours in anticipation Mr. G x Christian Grey, CEO Grey Enterprises Holdings and Butt Inspectorate Inc. As I read his e-mail, the bedroom door opens, and Christian freezes on the threshold. His mouth
pops open and his eyes widen. Holy crap . . . this could go either way. “Well?” I whisper. “Ana, you look . . . Wow.” “You like it?” “Yes, I guess so.” He’s a little hoarse. Slowly he steps into the room and closes the door. He’s wearing black jeans and a white shirt, but with a black jacket. He looks divine. He stalks slowly toward me, but as soon as he reaches me, he puts his hands on my shoulders and turns me around to face the full-length mirror, while he stands behind me. My gaze finds his in the glass, then he glances down, fascinated by my naked back. His finger glides down my spine and reaches the edge of my dress at the small of my back, where pale flesh meets silver cloth. “This is very revealing,” he murmurs. His hand skims lower, over my backside and down to my naked thigh. He pauses, gray eyes burning intently into blue. Then slowly he trails his fingers back up to the hem of my skirt. Watching his long fingers move lightly, teasingly across my skin, feeling the tingles they leave in their wake, my mouth forms a perfect O. “It’s not far from here.” He touches the hem, then moves his fingers higher. “To here,” he whispers. I gasp as his fingers stroke my sex, moving tantalizingly over my panties, feeling me, teasing me. “And your point is?” I whisper. “My point is . . . it’s not far from here”—his fingers glide over my panties, then one is inside, against my soft dampened flesh—“to here. And then . . . to here.” He slips a finger inside me. I gasp and make a soft mewling sound. “This is mine,” he murmurs in my ear. Closing his eyes, he moves his finger slowly in and out of me. “I don’t want anyone else to see this.” My breath stutters, my panting matching the rhythm of his finger. Watching him in the mirror, doing this . . . it’s beyond erotic. “So be a good girl and don’t bend down, and you should be fine.” “You approve?” I whisper. “No, but I’m not going to stop you wearing it. You look stunning, Anastasia.” Abruptly he withdraws his finger, leaving me wanting more, and he moves around to face me. He places the tip of his invading finger on my lower lip. Instinctively, I pucker my lips and kiss it, and I’m rewarded with a wicked grin. He puts his finger in his mouth and his expression informs me that I taste good . . . real good. I flush. Will it always shock me when he does that? He grasps my hand. “Come,” he orders softly. I want to retort that I was about to, but in light of what happened in the playroom yesterday, I decide against it. We are waiting for dessert in a plush, exclusive restaurant in town. It’s been a lively evening so far, and Mia is determined it should continue and that we must go clubbing. Right now she’s sitting silently for once, hanging on Ethan’s every word as he and Christian talk. Mia is obviously infatuated with Ethan, and Ethan is . . . well it’s difficult to tell. I don’t know if they are just friends or if there’s something more. Christian seems at ease. He’s been talking animatedly with Ethan. They obviously bonded over the fly-fishing. They’re talking about psychology, mainly. Ironically, Christian sounds the more knowledgeable. I snort softly as I half listen to their conversation, sadly acknowledging that his
expertise is the result of his experience with so many shrinks. You’re the best therapy. His words, whispered while we were making love once, echo in my head. Am I? Oh, Christian, I hope so. I glance over at Kate. She looks beautiful, but then she always does. She and Elliot are less lively. He seems nervous, his jokes a little too loud, and his laugh a little off. Have they had a fight? What’s eating him? Is it that woman? My heart sinks at the thought that he might hurt my best friend. I glance at the entrance, half expecting to see Gia calmly saunter her well-groomed ass across the restaurant to us. My mind is playing tricks, I suspect it’s the amount of alcohol I’ve had. My head is beginning to ache. Abruptly, Elliot startles us all by standing and pulling his chair back so it scrapes across the tile floor. All eyes turn to him. He gazes down at Kate for one moment then drops to one knee beside her. Oh. My. God. He reaches for her hand, and silence settles like a blanket over the entire restaurant as everyone stops eating, stops talking, stops walking, and stares. “My beautiful Kate, I love you. Your grace, your beauty, and your fiery spirit have no equal, and you have captured my heart. Spend your life with me. Marry me.” Holy shit!
The attention of the entire restaurant is trained on Kate and Elliot, waiting with bated breath as one. The anticipation is unbearable. Silence stretches like a taut rubber band. The atmosphere is oppressive, apprehensive, and yet hopeful. Kate stares blankly at Elliot as he gazes up at her, his eyes wide with longing—fear even. Holy crap, Kate! Put him out of his misery. Please. Jeez—he could have asked her privately. A single tear trickles down her cheek though she remains expressionless. Shit! Kate crying? Then she smiles, a slow disbelieving I’ve-found-Nirvana smile. “Yes,” she whispers, a breathy, sweet acceptance—not Kate-like at all. For one nanosecond there’s a pause as the entire restaurant exhales a collective sigh of relief, and then the noise is deafening. Spontaneous applause, cheering, catcalls, whooping, and suddenly I have tears rolling down my face, smudging my Barbie-meets-Joan-Jett makeup. Oblivious to the commotion around them, the two are locked in their own little world. From his pocket Elliot produces a small box, opens it, and presents it to Kate. A ring. And from what I can see, an exquisite ring, but I need a closer look. Is that what he was doing with Gia? Choosing a ring? Shit! Oh, I’m so glad I didn’t tell Kate. Kate looks from the ring to Elliot then throws her arms around his neck. They kiss, remarkably chaste for them, and the crowd goes wild. Elliot stands and acknowledges the approbation with a surprisingly graceful bow then, wearing a huge self-satisfied grin, sits back down. I can’t take my eyes off them. Taking the ring out of its box, Elliot gently slides it onto Kate’s finger, and they kiss once more. Christian squeezes my hand. I didn’t realize I’d been gripping his so tightly. I release him, a little embarrassed, and he shakes his hand, mouthing, “Ow.” “Sorry. Did you know about this?” I whisper. Christian smiles, and I know that he did. He summons the waiter. “Two bottles of the Cristal please. The 2002 if you have it.” I smirk at him. “What?” he asks. “Because the 2002 is so much better than the 2003,” I tease. He laughs. “To the discerning palate, Anastasia.” “You have a very discerning palate, Mr. Grey, and singular tastes.” I smile.
“That I do, Mrs. Grey.” He leans in close. “You taste best,” he whispers, and he kisses a certain spot behind my ear, sending little shivers down my spine. I blush scarlet and fondly remember his earlier demonstration of the quite literal shortcomings of my dress. Mia is the first up to hug Kate and Elliot, and we all take turns congratulating the happy couple. I clutch Kate in a fierce hug. “See? He was just worried about his proposal,” I whisper. “Oh, Ana.” She giggle-sobs. “Kate, I am so happy for you. Congratulations.” Christian is behind me. He shakes Elliot’s hand, then—surprising both Elliot and me—pulls him into a hug. I can only just catch what he says. “Way to go, Lelliot,” he murmurs. Elliot says nothing, for once stunned into silence, then cautiously returns his brother’s hug. Lelliot? “Thanks, Christian,” Elliot chokes out. Christian gives Kate a brief, if awkward, almost arm’s-length hug. I know that Christian’s attitude to Kate is tolerant, at best, and ambivalent most of the time, so this is progress. Releasing her, he says so quietly only she and I can hear, “I hope you are as happy in your marriage as I am in mine.” “Thank you, Christian. I hope so, too,” she says graciously. The waiter has returned with the champagne, which he proceeds to open with an understated flourish. Christian holds his champagne flute aloft. “To Kate and my dear brother, Elliot—congratulations.” We all sip, well, I glug. Hmm, Cristal tastes so good, and I’m reminded of the first time I drank it at Christian’s club and later, our eventful elevator journey to the first floor. Christian frowns at me. “What are you thinking about?” he whispers. “The first time I drank this champagne.” His frown becomes more quizzical. “We were at your club.” I prompt. He grins. “Oh yes. I remember.” He winks at me. “Elliot, have you set a date?” Mia pipes up. Elliot gives his sister an exasperated stare. “I’ve only just asked Kate, so we’ll get back to you on that, ’kay?” “Oh, make it a Christmas wedding. That would be so romantic, and you’d have no trouble remembering your anniversary.” Mia claps her hands. “I’ll take that under advisement.” Elliot smirks at her. “After the champagne, can we please go clubbing?” Mia turns and gives Christian her biggest, brown-eyed look. “I think we should ask Elliot and Kate what they’d like to do.” As one, we turn expectantly to them. Elliot shrugs and Kate turns puce. Her carnal intent toward her fiancé is so clear I nearly spit four-hundred-dollar champagne all over the table. Zax is the most exclusive nightclub in Aspen—or so says Mia. Christian strolls to the front of the short line with his arm wrapped around my waist and is immediately granted access. I wonder briefly if he owns the place. I glance at my watch—eleven thirty in the evening, and I’m feeling fuzzy. The two glasses of champagne and several glasses of Pouilly-Fumé during our meal are starting to have an
effect, and I’m grateful Christian has his arm around me. “Mr. Grey, welcome back,” says a very attractive, leggy blonde in black satin, hot pants, matching sleeveless shirt, and a little red bowtie. She smiles broadly, revealing perfect all-American teeth between scarlet lips that match her bowtie. “Max will take your coat.” A young man dressed entirely in black, fortunately not satin, smiles as he offers to take my coat. His dark eyes are warm and inviting. I am the only one wearing a coat—Christian insisted I take Mia’s trench coat to cover my behind—so Max only has to deal with me. “Nice coat,” he says, gazing at me intently. Beside me Christian bristles and fixes Max with a back-off-now glare. He reddens and quickly hands Christian my coat check ticket. “Let me show you to your table.” Miss Satin Hot Pants flutters her eyelashes at my husband, flicks her long blond hair, and sashays through the entryway. I tighten my grip around Christian, and he gazes down at me questioningly for a moment, then smirks as we follow Miss Satin Hot Pants into the bar. The lighting is muted, the walls are black, and the furnishings deep red. There are booths flanking two sides of the walls and a large U-shaped bar in the middle. It’s busy, given that we’re here offseason, but not too crowded with the well-heeled of Aspen out for a good time on a Saturday night. The dress code is relaxed, and for the first time I feel a little over . . . um, underdressed. I’m not sure which. The floor and walls vibrate with the music pulsing from the dance floor behind the bar, and lights are whirling and flashing on and off. In my heady state, I idly think it’s an epileptic’s nightmare. Satin Hot Pants leads us to a corner booth that’s been roped off. It’s near the bar with access to the dance floor. Clearly the best seats in the house. “There’ll be someone along to take your order shortly.” She gives us her full megawatt smile and, with a final flutter of eyelashes at my husband, sashays back from where she came. Mia is already jigging from foot to foot, itching to get onto the dance floor, and Ethan takes pity on her. “Champagne?” Christian asks as they head off holding hands toward the dance floor. Ethan gives him a thumbs-up and Mia nods enthusiastically. Kate and Elliot sit back on the soft velvet seating, hand in hand. They look so happy, their features soft and radiant in the glow from the tea lights flickering in crystal holders on the low table. Christian gestures for me to sit, and I scoot in beside Kate. He takes a seat beside me and anxiously scans the room. “Show me your ring.” I raise my voice over the music. I will be hoarse by the time we leave. Kate beams at me and holds up her hand. The ring is exquisite, a single solitaire in a fine elaborate claw with tiny diamonds on either side. It has a retro Victorian look to it. “It’s beautiful.” She nods in delight and, reaching over, squeezes Elliot’s thigh. He leans down and kisses her. “Get a room,” I call out. Elliot grins. A young woman with short dark hair and a mischievous smile, wearing regulation, black satin, hot pants, comes to take our order. “What do you want to drink?” Christian asks. “You’re not picking up the tab for this, too,” Elliot grumbles. “Don’t start that shit, Elliot,” Christian says mildly. Despite the objections of Kate, Elliot and Ethan, Christian has paid for the meal we just consumed. He simply waved them aside and would not hear of anyone else paying. I gaze at him lovingly. My Fifty Shades . . . always in control.
Elliot opens his mouth to say something but, wisely perhaps, closes it again. “I’ll have a beer,” he says. “Kate?” Christian asks. “More champagne, please. The Cristal is delicious. But I’m sure Ethan would prefer a beer.” She smiles sweetly—yes, sweetly—at Christian. She is incandescent with happiness. I feel it radiating off her, and it’s a pleasure to bask in her joy. “Ana?” “Champagne, please.” “Bottle of Cristal, three Peronis, and a bottle of iced mineral water, six glasses,” he says in his usual authoritative, no-nonsense manner. It’s kinda hot. “Thank you, sir. Coming right up.” Miss Hot Pants Number Two gives him a gracious smile, but he’s spared the fluttering of eyelashes though her cheeks redden a little. I shake my head in resignation. He’s mine, girlfriend. “What?” he asks me. “She didn’t flutter her eyelashes at you.” I smirk. “Oh. Was she supposed to?” he asks, failing to hide his mirth. “Women usually do.” My tone is ironic. He grins. “Mrs. Grey, are you jealous?” “Not in the slightest.” I pout at him. And I realize in that moment that I am beginning to tolerate women ogling my husband. Almost. Christian clasps my hand and kisses my knuckles. “You have nothing to be jealous of, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs close to my ear, his breath tickling me. “I know.” “Good.” The waitress returns, and moments later I’m sipping another glass of champagne. “Here.” Christian hands me a glass of water. “Drink this.” I frown at him and see, rather than hear, his sigh. “Three glasses of white wine at dinner and two of champagne, after a strawberry daiquiri and two glasses of Frascati at lunchtime. Drink. Now, Ana.” How does he know about the cocktails this afternoon? I scowl at him. But actually he does have a point. Taking the glass of water, I down it in a most unladylike manner to register my protest at being told what to do . . . again. I wipe my hand across the back of my mouth. “Good girl,” he says, smirking. “You’ve vomited on me once already. I don’t wish to experience that again in a hurry.” “I don’t know what you’re complaining about. You got to sleep with me.” He smiles and his eyes soften. “Yeah, I did.” Ethan and Mia are back. “Ethan’s had enough, for now. Come on, girls. Let’s hit the floor. Strike a pose, throw some shapes, work off the calories from the chocolate mousse.” Kate stands immediately. “Coming?” she asks Elliot. “Let me watch you,” he says. And I have to look away quickly, blushing at the look he gives her. She grins as I stand. “I’m going to burn some calories,” I say, and leaning down I whisper in Christian’s ear, “You can watch me.” “Don’t bend over,” he growls.
“Okay.” I stand abruptly. Whoa! Head rush, and I clutch Christian’s shoulder as the room shifts and tilts a little. “Perhaps you should have some more water,” Christian murmurs, a warning clear in his voice. “I’m fine. These seats are low and my heels are high.” Kate takes my hand, and taking a deep breath I follow her and Mia, perfectly poised, onto the dance floor. The music is pulsing, a techno beat with a thumping bass line. The dance floor isn’t crowded, which means we have some space. The mix is eclectic—young and old alike dancing the night away. I have never been a good dancer. In fact, it’s only since I’ve been with Christian that I dance at all. Kate hugs me. “I’m so happy,” she shouts over the music, and she starts to dance. Mia is doing what Mia does, grinning at the pair of us, throwing herself around. Jeez, she’s taking up a lot of room on the dance floor. I glance back toward the table. Our men are watching us. I start to move. It’s a pulsing rhythm. I close my eyes and surrender to it. I open my eyes to find the dance floor filling up. Kate, Mia and I are forced closer together. And to my surprise I find I’m actually enjoying myself. I begin to move a little more . . . bravely. Kate gives me two thumbs up, and I beam back at her. I close my eyes. Why did I spend the first twenty years of my life not doing this? I chose reading over dancing. Jane Austen didn’t have great music to move to and Thomas Hardy . . . jeez, he’d have felt guilty as sin that he wasn’t dancing with his first wife. I giggle at the thought. It’s Christian. He has given me this confidence in my body and how I can move it. Suddenly, there are two hands on my hips. I grin. Christian has joined me. I wiggle, and his hands move to my behind and squeeze, then back to my hips. I open my eyes. And Mia is gaping at me in horror. Shit . . . Am I that bad? I reach down to hold Christian’s hands. They’re hairy. Fuck! They’re not his. I whirl around, and towering over me is a blond giant with more teeth than is natural and a leering smile to showcase them. “Get your hands off me!” I scream over the pounding music, apoplectic with rage. “Come on, sugar, it’s just some fun.” He smiles, holding his apelike hands up, his blue eyes gleaming under the pulsing ultraviolet lights. Before I know what I’m doing, I slap him hard across the face. Ow! Shit . . . my hand. It stings. “Get away from me!” I shout. He gazes down at me, cupping his red cheek. I thrust my uninjured hand in front of his face, spreading my fingers to show him my rings. “I’m married, you asshole!” He shrugs rather arrogantly and gives me a halfhearted, apologetic smile. I glance around frantically. Mia is at my right, glaring at Blond Giant. Kate is lost in the moment doing her thing. Christian is not at the table. Oh, I hope he’s gone to the restroom. I step back into a front I know well. Oh shit. Christian puts his arm around my waist and moves me to his side. “Keep your fucking hands off my wife,” he says. He’s not shouting, but somehow he can be heard over the music. Holy shit! “She can take care of herself,” Blond Giant shouts. His hand moves from his cheek where I’ve slapped him, and Christian hits him. It’s like I’m watching it in slow motion. A perfectly timed punch to the chin that moves at such speed, but with so little wasted energy, Blond Giant doesn’t see it coming. He crumples to the floor like the scumbag he is. Fuck.
“Christian, no!” I gasp in panic, standing in front of him to hold him back. Shit, he’ll kill him. “I already hit him,” I shout over the music. Christian doesn’t look at me. He’s glaring at my assailant with a malevolence I’ve not seen before flaring in his eyes. Well, maybe once before after Jack Hyde made a pass at me. The other dancers move outward like a ripple in a pond, clearing space around us, keeping a safe distance. Blond Giant scrambles to his feet as Elliot joins us. Oh no! Kate is with me, gaping at all of us. Elliot grasps Christian’s arm as Ethan appears, too. “Take it easy, okay? Didn’t mean any harm.” Blond Giant holds his hands up in defeat, beating a hasty retreat. Christian’s eyes follow him off the dance floor. He does not look at me. The song changes from the explicit lyrics of “Sexy Bitch” to a pulsing techno dance number where a woman sings with an impassioned voice. Elliot looks down at me, then across at Christian, and releasing Christian, pulls Kate into a dance. I put my arms around Christian’s neck until he finally makes eye contact, his eyes still blazing—primal and feral. A glimpse of a brawling adolescent. Holy shit. He scrutinizes my face. “Are you okay?” he asks finally. “Yes.” I rub my palm, trying to dispel the sting, and bring my hands down to his chest. My hand is throbbing. I have never slapped anyone before. What possessed me? Touching me wasn’t the worst crime against humanity. Was it? Yet deep down I know why I hit him. It’s because I instinctively knew how Christian would react seeing some stranger pawing me. I knew he’d lose his precious self-control. And the thought that some stupid nobody could derail my husband, my love, well, it makes me mad. Really mad. “Do you want to sit down?” Christian asks over the pulsing beat. Oh, come back to me, please. “No. Dance with me.” He looks at me impassively, saying nothing. Touch me . . . the woman sings. “Dance with me.” He’s still mad. “Dance. Christian, please.” I take his hands. Christian glares after the guy, but I start to move against him, weaving myself around him. The throng of dancers has circled us once more, although there’s now a two-foot exclusion zone around us. “You hit him?” Christian asks, standing stock-still. I take his fisted hands. “Of course I did. I thought it was you, but his hands were hairier. Please dance with me.” As Christian gazes at me, the fire in his eyes slowly changes, evolves into something else, something darker, something hotter. Suddenly, he grabs my wrists and pulls me flush against him, pinning my hands behind my back. “You wanna dance? Let’s dance,” he growls close to my ear, and as he rolls his hips around into me, I can do nothing but follow, his hands holding mine against my backside. Oh . . . Christian can move, really move. He keeps me close, not letting me go, but his hands gradually relax on mine, freeing me. My hands creep around, up his arms, feeling his bunched muscles through his jacket, up to his shoulders. He presses me against him, and I follow his moves as he slowly, sensually dances with me in time to the pulsing beat of the club music. The moment he grabs my hand and spins me first one way, then the other, I know he’s back with me. I grin. He grins. We dance together and it’s liberating—fun. His anger forgotten, or suppressed, he whirls me around with consummate skill in our small space on the dance floor, never letting go. He makes me
graceful, that’s his skill. He makes me sexy, because that’s what he is. He makes me feel loved, because in spite of his fifty shades, he has a wealth of love to give. Watching him now, enjoying himself . . . one could be forgiven for thinking he doesn’t have a care in the world. But I know his love is clouded with issues of overprotectiveness and control, but it doesn’t make me love him any less. I am breathless when the song morphs to another. “Can we sit?” I gasp. “Sure.” He leads me off the dance floor. “You’ve made me rather hot and sweaty,” I whisper as we return to the table. He pulls me into his arms. “I like you hot and sweaty. Though I prefer to make you hot and sweaty in private,” he purrs, and a lascivious smile tugs at his lips. As I sit, it’s as if the incident on the dance floor never happened. I’m vaguely surprised we haven’t been thrown out. I glance around the bar. No one is looking at us, and I can’t see Blond Giant. Maybe he left, or maybe he’s been thrown out. Kate and Elliot are being indecent on the dance floor, Ethan and Mia less so. I take another sip of champagne. “Here.” Christian puts another glass of water before me and regards me intently. His expression is expectant—drink it. Drink it now. I do as I’m told. Besides, I’m thirsty. He lifts a bottle of Peroni from the ice bucket on the table and takes a long drink. “What if there had been press here?” I ask. Christian knows immediately that I’m referring to him knocking Blond Giant on his ass. “I have expensive lawyers,” he says coolly, all at once arrogance personified. I frown at him. “But you’re not above the law, Christian. I did have the situation under control.” His eyes frost. “No one touches what’s mine,” he says with chilling finality, as if I’m missing the obvious. Oh . . . I take another sip of my champagne. All of a sudden I feel overwhelmed. The music is loud, pounding, my head and feet are aching, and I feel woozy.He grasps my hand. “Come, let’s go. I want to get you home,” he says. Kate and Elliot join us. “You going?” Kate asks and her voice is hopeful. “Yes,” Christian says. “Good, we’ll come with you.” As we wait at the coat check for Christian to retrieve my trench coat, Kate quizzes me. “What happened with that guy on the dance floor?” “He was feeling me up.” “I opened my eyes and you’d hit him.” I shrug. “Well, I knew Christian would go thermonuclear, and that could potentially ruin your evening.” I haven’t really processed how I feel about Christian’s behavior. I was worried that it would be worse. “Our evening,” she clarifies. “He is rather hot-headed, isn’t he?” Kate adds dryly, staring at Christian as he collects my coat. I snort and smile. “You could say that.” “I think you handle him well.” “Handle?” I frown. Do I handle Christian? “Here.” Christian holds my coat open for me so that I can put it on.
“Wake up, Ana.” Christian is shaking me gently. We’ve arrived back at the house. Reluctantly I open my eyes and stagger from the minivan. Kate and Elliot have disappeared, and Taylor is standing patiently beside the vehicle. “Do I need to carry you?” Christian asks. I shake my head. “I’ll fetch Miss Grey and Mr. Kavanagh,” Taylor says. Christian nods then leads me to the front door. My feet are throbbing, and I stumble after him. At the front door he bends down, grasps my ankle, and gently pries off first one shoe, then the other. Oh, the relief. He straightens and gazes down at me, holding my Manolos. “Better?” he asks, amused. I nod. “I had delightful visions of these around my ears,” he murmurs, staring down wistfully at my shoes. He shakes his head and, taking my hand once more, leads me through the darkened house, and up the stairs to our bedroom. “You’re wrecked, aren’t you?” he says softly, staring down at me. I nod. He starts to unbuckle the belt on my trench coat. “I’ll do it,” I mutter, making a halfhearted attempt to brush him off. “Let me.” I sigh. I had no idea I was this tired. “It’s the altitude. You’re not used to it. And the drinking, of course.” He smirks, divests me of my coat, and throws it on one of the bedroom chairs. Taking my hand, he leads me into the bathroom. Why are we going in here? “Sit,” he says. I sit on the chair and close my eyes. I hear him as he messes around with bottles on the vanity unit. I am too tired to open my eyes to find out what he’s doing. A moment later he tips my head back, and I open my eyes in surprise. “Eyes closed,” Christian says. Holy crap, he’s holding a cotton ball! Gently, he wipes it over my right eye. I sit stunned as he methodically removes my makeup. “Ah. There’s the woman I married,” he says after a few wipes. “You don’t like makeup?” “I like it well enough, but I prefer what’s beneath it.” He kisses my forehead. “Here. Take these.” He puts some Advil into my palm and hands me a glass of water. I look and pout. “Take them,” he orders. I roll my eyes, but do as I’m told. “Good. Do you need a private moment?” he asks sardonically. I snort. “So coy, Mr. Grey. Yes, I need to pee.” He laughs. “You expect me to leave?” I giggle. “You want to stay?” He cocks his head to one side, his expression amused. “You are one kinky son of a bitch. Out. I don’t want you to watch me pee. That’s a step too far.” I stand and wave him out of the bathroom. When I emerge from the bathroom, he’s changed into his pajama bottoms. Hmm . . . Christian in PJs. Mesmerized, I gaze at his abdomen, his muscles, his happy trail. It’s distracting. He strides over to
me. “Enjoying the view?” he asks wryly. “Always.” “I think you’re slightly drunk, Mrs. Grey.” “I think, for once, I have to agree with you, Mr. Grey.” “Let me help you out of what little there is of this dress. It really should come with a health warning.” He turns me around and undoes the single button at the neck. “You were so mad,” I murmur. “Yes. I was.” “At me?” “No. Not at you.” He kisses my shoulder. “For once.” I smile. Not mad at me. This is progress. “Makes a nice change.” “Yes. It does.” He kisses my other shoulder then tugs my dress down over my backside and onto the floor. He removes my panties at the same time, leaving me naked. Reaching up, he takes my hand. “Step,” he commands, and I step out of the dress, holding his hand for balance. He stands and tosses my dress and panties onto the chair with Mia’s trench coat. “Arms up,” he says softly. He slips his T-shirt over me and pulls it down, covering me up. I am ready for bed. He pulls me into his arms and kisses me, my minty breath mingling with his. “As much as I’d love to bury myself in you, Mrs. Grey—you’ve had too much to drink, you’re at nearly eight thousand feet, and you didn’t sleep well last night. Come. Get into bed.” He pulls back the duvet and I climb in. He covers me up and kisses my forehead once more. “Close your eyes. When I come back to bed, I’ll expect you to be asleep.” It’s a threat, a command . . . it’s Christian. “Don’t go,” I plead. “I have some calls to make, Ana.” “It’s Saturday. It’s late. Please.” He runs his hands through his hair. “Ana, if I come to bed with you now, you won’t get any rest. Sleep.” He’s adamant. I close my eyes and his lips brush my forehead once more. “Goodnight, baby,” he breathes. Images of the day flash through my mind . . . Christian hauling me over his shoulder in the plane. His anxiety as to whether or not I’d like the house. Making love this afternoon. The bath. His reaction to my dress. Decking Blond Giant—my palm tingles at the memory. And then Christian putting me to bed. Who would have thought? I grin widely, the word progress running around my brain as I drift.
I am too warm. Christian warm. His head is on my shoulder, and he’s breathing softly on my neck while he sleeps, his legs threaded through mine, his arm around my waist. I linger on the edge of consciousness, aware that if I wake fully I’ll wake him, too, and he doesn’t sleep enough. Hazily my mind wanders through the events of yesterday evening. I drank too much—boy did I drink too much. I’m amazed Christian let me. I smile as I remember him putting me to bed. That was sweet, real sweet, and unexpected. I conduct a quick mental inventory of how I’m feeling. Stomach? Fine. Head? Surprisingly, fine, but fuzzy. My palm is still red from last night. Sheesh. Idly I think about Christian’s palms when he’s spanked me. I squirm and he wakes. “What’s wrong?” Sleepy gray eyes search mine. “Nothing. Good morning.” I run the fingers of my uninjured hand through his hair. “Mrs. Grey, you look lovely this morning,” he says, kissing my cheek, and I light up from within. “Thank you for taking care of me last night.” “I like taking care of you. It’s what I want to do,” he says quietly, but his eyes betray him as triumph flares in their gray depths. It’s like he’s won the World Series or the Super Bowl. Oh, my Fifty. “You make me feel cherished.” “That’s because you are,” he murmurs and my heart clenches. He clasps my hand and I wince. He releases me immediately, alarmed. “The punch?” he asks. His eyes frost as he scrutinizes mine, and his voice is laced with sudden anger. “I slapped him. I didn’t punch him.” “That fucker!” I thought we’d dealt with this last night. “I can’t bear that he touched you.” “He didn’t hurt me, he was just inappropriate. Christian, I’m okay. My hand’s a little red, that’s all. Surely you know what that’s like?” I smirk, and his expression changes to one of amused surprise. “Why, Mrs. Grey, I am very familiar with that.” His lips twist in amusement. “I could reacquaint myself with that feeling this minute, should you so wish.” “Oh, stow your twitching palm, Mr. Grey.” I stroke his face with my injured hand, my fingers caressing his sideburn. Gently I tug the little hairs. It distracts him, and he takes my hand and plants a tender kiss in my palm. Miraculously, the pain disappears.
“Why didn’t you tell me this hurt last night?” “Um . . . I didn’t really feel it last night. It’s okay now.” His eyes soften and his mouth twists. “How are you feeling?” “Better than I deserve.” “That’s quite a right arm you have there, Mrs. Grey.” “You’d do well to remember that, Mr. Grey.” “Oh really?” He rolls suddenly so that he’s fully on top of me, pressing me into the mattress, holding my wrists above my head. He gazes down at me. “I’d fight you any day, Mrs. Grey. In fact, subduing you in bed is a fantasy of mine.” He kisses my throat. What? “I thought you subdued me all the time.” I gasp as he nibbles my earlobe. “Hmm . . . but I’d like some resistance,” he murmurs, his nose skirting my jaw. Resistance? I still. He stops, releasing my hands, and leans up on his elbows. “You want me to fight you? Here?” I whisper, trying to contain my surprise. Okay—my shock. He nods, his eyes hooded but wary as he gauges my reaction. “Now?” He shrugs, and I see the idea flit through his mind. He gives me his shy smile and nods again, slowly. Oh my . . . He’s tense, lying on top of me, and his growing erection is digging tantalizingly into my soft, willing flesh, distracting me. What’s this about? Brawling? Fantasy? Will he hurt me? My inner goddess shakes her head—Never. She’s got her karate suit on, and she’s limbering up. Claude would be pleased. “Is this what you meant about coming to bed angry?” He nods once more, his eyes still wary. Hmm . . . my Fifty wants to rumble. “Don’t bite your lip,” he warns. Compliantly, I release my lip. “I think you have me at a disadvantage, Mr. Grey.” I bat my lashes and squirm provocatively beneath him. This could be fun. “Disadvantage?” “Surely you’ve already got me where you want me?” He smirks and presses his groin into mine once more. “Good point well made, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers and quickly kisses my lips. Abruptly he shifts and takes me with him, rolling over so I’m straddling him. I grab his hands, pinning them to the side of his head, and ignore the protesting ache from my hand. My hair falls in a chestnut veil around us, and I move my head so that the strands tickle his face. He jerks his face away but doesn’t try to stop me. “So, you want to play rough?” I ask, skimming my crotch over his. His mouth opens and he inhales sharply. “Yes.” He hisses, and I release him. “Wait.” I reach over for the glass of water beside the bed. Christian must have left it here. It’s cool and sparkling—too cool to have been sitting here for long—and I wonder when he came to bed. As I take a long draught, Christian trails his fingers in small circles up my thighs, leaving tingling skin in their wake before he cups and squeezes my naked behind. Hmm. Taking a leaf from his impressive repertoire, I lean forward and kiss him, pouring clear cool water into his mouth.
He drinks. “Very tasty, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs, sporting a boyish and playful grin. After placing the glass back on the bedside table, I remove his hands from my backside and pin them by his head once more. “So I’m supposed to be unwilling?” I smirk. “Yes.” “I’m not much of an actress.” He grins. “Try.” I lean down and kiss him chastely. “Okay, I’ll play,” I whisper, trailing my teeth along his jaw, feeling his prickly stubble beneath my teeth and my tongue. Christian makes a low, sexy sound in his throat and moves, tossing me onto the bed beside him. I cry out in surprise, then he’s on top of me, and I start to struggle as he makes a grab for my hands. Roughly, I place my hands on his chest, pushing with all my might, trying to move him, while he endeavors to pry my legs apart with his knee. I continue pushing at his chest—Jeez he’s heavy —but he doesn’t flinch, doesn’t freeze as he once might have. He’s enjoying this! He attempts to grab my wrists, and finally captures one, despite my valiant attempts to twist it free. It’s my sore hand, so I surrender it to him, but grab his hair with my other hand and pull hard. “Ah!” He yanks his head free and gazes down at me, his eyes wild and carnal. “Savage,” he whispers, his voice laced with salacious delight. In response to this one whispered word, my libido explodes, and I stop acting. Again I struggle in vain to wrest my hand out of his hold. At the same time I try to hook my ankles together, and attempt to buck him off me. He’s too heavy. Gah! It’s frustrating and hot. With a groan, Christian captures my other hand. He holds both my wrists in his left hand, and his right travels leisurely—insolently, almost—down my body, fondling and feeling as it goes, tweaking my nipple on the way. I yelp in response, pleasure spiking short, sharp, and hot from my nipple to my groin. I make another fruitless attempt to buck him off, but he’s just too on me. When he tries to kiss me I jerk my head to the side so he can’t. Promptly his insolent hand moves from the hem of my T-shirt up to my chin, holding me in place as he runs his teeth along my jaw, mirroring what I did to him earlier. “Oh, baby, fight me,” he murmurs. I twist and writhe, trying to free myself from his merciless hold, but it’s hopeless. He’s much stronger than me. He’s gently biting at my lower lip as his tongue tries to invade my mouth. And I realize I don’t want to resist him. I want him—now, like I always do. I stop fighting and fervently return his kiss. I don’t care that I haven’t brushed my teeth. I don’t care that we’re supposed to be playing some game. Desire, hot and hard, surges through my bloodstream, and I’m lost. Unhooking my ankles, I wrap my legs around his hips and use my heels to push his pajamas down over his behind. “Ana,” he breathes, and he kisses me everywhere. And we’re no longer wrestling, but all hands and tongues and touch and taste, quick and urgent. “Skin,” he murmurs hoarsely, his breathing labored. He drags me up and tugs off my T-shirt in one swift move. “You,” I whisper while I’m upright, because it’s all I can think of to say. I seize the front his pajamas and yank them down, freeing his erection. I grab and squeeze him. He’s hard. The air whistles through his teeth as he inhales sharply, and I revel in his response. “Fuck,” he murmurs. He leans back, lifting my thighs, tipping me down onto the bed as I pull and
squeeze him tightly, running my hand up and down him. Feeling a bead of moisture on his tip, I swirl it around with my thumb. As he lowers me to the mattress, I slip my thumb in my mouth to taste him while his hands travel up my body, caressing my hips, my stomach, my breasts. “Taste good?” he asks as he hovers over me, eyes blazing. “Yes. Here.” I push my thumb into his mouth, and he sucks and bites the pad. I groan, grasp his head, and pull him down to me so I can kiss him. Wrapping my legs around him, I push his pajamas off his legs with my feet, then cradle him with my legs around his waist. His lips trail from across my jaw to my chin, nipping softly. “You’re so beautiful.” He dips his head lower to the base of my throat. “Such beautiful skin.” His breath is soft as his lips glide down to my breasts. What? I am panting, confused—wanting, now waiting. I thought this was going to be quick. “Christian.” I hear the quiet plea in my voice and reach down, fisting my hands in his hair. “Hush,” he whispers and circles my nipple with his tongue before pulling it into his mouth and tugging hard. “Ah!” I moan and squirm, tilting my pelvis up to tempt him. He grins against my skin and turns his attention to my other breast. “Impatient, Mrs. Grey?” He then sucks hard on my nipple. I tug his hair. He groans and peers up. “I’ll restrain you,” he warns. “Take me,” I beg. “All in good time,” he murmurs against my skin. His hand travels down at an infuriatingly slow speed to my hip as he worships my nipple with his mouth. I moan loudly, my breath short and shallow, and I try once more to entice him into me, rocking against him. He’s thick and heavy and close, but he’s taking his own sweet leisurely time with me. Fuck this. I struggle and twist, determined to buck him off me again. “What the—” Grabbing my hands, Christian pins them down on the bed, my arms spread wide, and rests his full bodyweight on me, completely subduing me. I am breathless, wild. “You wanted resistance,” I say, panting. He rears up over me and gazes down, his hands still locked around my wrists. I place my heels under his behind and push. He doesn’t move. Gah! “You don’t want to play nice?” he asks astonished, his eyes alight with excitement. “I just want you to make love to me, Christian.” Could he be any more obtuse? First we’re fighting and wrestling then he’s all tender and sweet. It’s confusing. I’m in bed with Mr. Mercurial. “Please.” I press my heels against his backside once more. Burning gray eyes search mine. Oh, what is he thinking? He looks momentarily bewildered and confused. He releases my hands and sits back on his heels, pulling me into his lap. “Okay, Mrs. Grey, we’ll do this your way.” He lifts me up and slowly lowers me on to him so I’m straddling him. “Ah!” This is it. This is what I want. This is what I need. Curling my arms around his neck, I twist my fingers in his hair, glorying in the feeling of him inside me. I start to move. Taking control, taking him at my pace, at my speed. He moans, and his lips find mine, and we’re lost. I trail my fingers through the hair on Christian’s chest. He lies on his back, still and quiet beside me as we both catch our breath. His hand thrums rhythmically down my back. “You’re quiet,” I whisper and kiss his shoulder. He turns and looks at me, his expression giving nothing away. “That was fun.” Shit, is something wrong?
“You confound me, Mrs. Grey.” “Confound you?” He shifts so that we’re face to face. “Yes. You. Calling the shots. It’s . . . different.” “Good different or bad different?” I trail a finger over his lips. His brow furrows, as if he doesn’t quite understand the question. Absentmindedly, he kisses my finger. “Good different,” he says, but he doesn’t sound convinced. “You’ve never indulged this little fantasy before?” I blush as I say it. Do I really want to know any more about my husband’s colorful . . . um, kaleidoscopic sex life before me? My subconscious eyes me warily over her tortoiseshell half-moon specs. Do you really want to go there? “No, Anastasia. You can touch me.” It’s a simple explanation that speaks volumes. Of course, the fifteen couldn’t. “Mrs. Robinson could touch you.” I murmur the words before my brain registers what I’ve said. Shit. Why did I mention her? He stills. His eyes widen with his oh-no-where’s-she-going-with-this expression. “That was different,” he whispers. Suddenly I want to know. “Good different or bad different?” He gazes at me. Doubt and possibly pain flit across his face, and fleetingly he looks like a man drowning. “Bad, I think.” His words are barely audible. Holy shit! “I thought you liked it.” “I did. At the time.” “Not now?” He gazes at me, eyes wide, then slowly shakes his head. Oh my . . . “Oh, Christian.” I’m overwhelmed by the feelings that swamp me. My lost boy. I launch myself at him and kiss his face, his throat, his chest, his little round scars. He groans, pulls me to him, and kisses me passionately. And very slowly, and tenderly, at his pace, he makes love to me once more. “Ana Tyson. Punching above your weight!” Ethan applauds as I head into the kitchen for breakfast. He’s sitting with Mia, and Kate at the breakfast bar while Mrs. Bentley cooks waffles. Christian is nowhere to be seen. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey.” Mrs. Bentley smiles. “What would you like for breakfast?” “Good Morning. Whatever’s going, thank you. Where’s Christian?” “Outside.” Kate gestures with her head toward the backyard. I wander over to the window that looks out over the yard and the mountains beyond. It’s a clear, powder-blue summer day, and my beautiful husband is about twenty feet away in deep discussion with some guy. “That’s Mr. Bentley he’s talking to,” calls Mia from the breakfast bar. I turn to look at her, distracted by her sulky tone. She looks venomously at Ethan. Oh dear. I wonder once more what’s going on between them. Frowning, I turn my attention back to my husband and Mr. Bentley. Mrs. Bentley’s husband is fair-haired, dark eyed and wiry, dressed in work pants and an Aspen Fire Department T-shirt. Christian is dressed in his black jeans and T-shirt. As the two men amble across the lawn toward the house lost in their conversation, Christian casually bends to pick up what looks like a bamboo cane that must have been blown over or discarded in the flowerbed. Pausing,
Christian absentmindedly holds out the cane at arm’s length as if weighing it carefully and swipes it through the air, just once. Oh . . . Mr. Bentley appears to see nothing odd in his behavior. They continue their discussion, nearer to the house this time, then pause once more, and Christian repeats the gesture. The tip of the cane hits the ground. Glancing up, Christian sees me standing at the window. Suddenly I feel as if I’m spying on him. He stops. I give him an embarrassed wave then turn and walk back to the breakfast bar. “What were you doing?” asks Kate. “Just watching Christian.” “You have got it bad.” She snorts. “And you don’t, oh soon-to-be sister-in-law?” I reply, grinning and trying to bury the disquieting visual of Christian wielding a cane. I am startled when Kate leaps up and hugs me. “Sister!” she exclaims, and it’s hard not to be swept up in her joy. “Hey, sleepyhead.” Christian wakes me. “We’re about to land. Buckle up.” I fumble sleepily for my seat belt, but Christian fastens it for me. He kisses my forehead before settling back into his seat. I lean my head on his shoulder again and close my eyes. An impossibly long hike and a picnic lunch on top of a spectacular mountain have exhausted me. The rest of our party is quiet, too—even Mia. She looks despondent, as she has all day. I wonder how her campaign with Ethan is going. I don’t even know where they slept last night. My eyes catch hers, and I give a small are-you-okay smile. She gives me a brief sad smile in return and goes back to her book. I peek up at Christian through my lashes. He’s working on a contract or something, reading it through and annotating the margins. But he seems relaxed. Elliot is snoring softly beside Kate. I have yet to corner Elliot and quiz him about Gia, but it’s been impossible to pry him away from Kate. Christian isn’t interested enough to ask, which is irritating, but I haven’t pressed him. We’ve been enjoying ourselves too much. Elliot rests his hand possessively on Kate’s knee. She looks radiant, and to think that only yesterday afternoon she was so unsure of him. What did Christian call him? Lelliot. Perhaps that’s a family nickname? It was sweet, better than manwhore. Abruptly, Elliot opens his eyes and gazes straight at me. I blush, caught staring. He grins. “I sure love your blush, Ana,” he teases, stretching. Kate gives me her self-satisfied, catate-the-canary smile. Officer Beighley announces our approach to Sea-Tac, and Christian clasps my hand. “How was your weekend, Mrs. Grey?” Christian asks once we’re in the Audi heading back to Escala. Taylor and Ryan are up front. “Good, thank you.” I smile, feeling shy all of a sudden. “We can go anytime. Take anyone you wish to take.” “We should take Ray. He’d like the fishing.” “That’s a good idea.”
“How was it for you?” I ask. “Good,” he says after a moment, surprised by my question, I think. “Real good.” “You seemed to relax.” He shrugs. “I knew you were safe.” I frown. “Christian, I’m safe most of the time. I’ve told you before, you’ll keel over at forty if you keep up this level of anxiety. And I want to grow old and gray with you.” I grasp his hand. He looks at me as if he can’t comprehend what I’m saying. He gently kisses my knuckles and changes the subject. “How’s your hand?” “It’s better, thank you.” He smiles. “Very good, Mrs. Grey. You ready to face Gia again?” Oh crap. I’d forgotten we were seeing her this evening to go over the final plans. I roll my eyes. “I might want to keep you out of the way, keep you safe.” I smirk. “Protecting me?” Christian is laughing at me. “As ever, Mr. Grey. From all sexual predators,” I whisper. Christian is brushing his teeth when I crawl into bed. Tomorrow we go back to reality—back to work, the paparazzi, and to Jack in custody but with the possibility that he has an accomplice. Hmm . . . Christian was vague about that. Does he know? And if he did know, would he tell me? I sigh. Getting information out of Christian is like pulling teeth, and we’ve had such a lovely weekend. Do I want to ruin the feel-good moment by trying to drag the information out of him? It’s been a revelation to see him out of his normal environment, outside this apartment, relaxed and happy with his family. I wonder vaguely if it’s because we’re here in this apartment with all its memories and associations that he gets wound up. Maybe we should move. I snort. We are moving —we’re having a huge house refurbished on the coast. Gia’s plans are complete and approved, and Elliot’s team starts building next week. I chuckle as I recall Gia’s shocked expression when I told her that I’d seen her in Aspen. Turns out it was nothing but coincidence. She’d camped out at her holiday place to work solely on our plans. For one awful moment I’d thought she’d had a hand in choosing the ring, but apparently not. But I still don’t trust Gia. I want to hear the same story from Elliot. At least she kept her distance from Christian this time. I look out at the night sky. I will miss this view. This panoramic vista . . . Seattle at our feet, so full of possibilities, yet so far removed. Maybe that’s Christian’s problem—he’s been too isolated from real life for too long, thanks to his self-imposed exile. Yet with his family around him, he is less controlling, less anxious—freer, happier. I wonder what Flynn would make of all that. Holy crap! Maybe that’s the answer. Maybe he needs his own family. I shake my head in denial—we’re too young, too new to all this. Christian strides into the room, looking his usual gorgeous but pensive self. “Everything okay?” I askHe nods distractedly as he climbs into bed. “I’m not looking forward to going back to reality,” I murmur. “No?” I shake my head and caress his lovely face. “I had a wonderful weekend. Thank you.” He smiles softly. “You’re my reality, Ana,” he murmurs and kisses me. “Do you miss it?” “Miss what?” he asks, perplexed.
“You know. The caning . . . and stuff,” I whisper, embarrassed. He stares at me, his gaze impassive. Then doubt crosses his face, his where-is-she-going-with-this look. “No Anastasia, I don’t.” His voice is steady and quiet. He caresses my cheek. “Dr. Flynn said something to me when you left, something that’s stayed with me. He said I couldn’t be that way if you weren’t so inclined. It was a revelation.” He stops, and frowns. “I didn’t know any other way, Ana. Now I do. It’s been educational.” “Me, educate you?” I scoff. His eyes soften. “Do you miss it?” he asks. Oh! “I don’t want you to hurt me, but I like to play, Christian. You know that. If you wanted to do something . . .” I shrug, gazing at him. “Something?” “You know, with a flogger or your crop—” I stop, blushing. He raises his brow, surprised. “Well . . . we’ll see. Right now, I’d like some good old-fashioned vanilla.” His thumb skirts my bottom lip, and he kisses me once more. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Good Morning Date: August 29, 2011 09:14 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey I just wanted to tell you that I love you. That is all. Yours Always Ax Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Banishing Monday Blues Date: August 29, 2011 09:18 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey What gratifying words to hear from one’s wife (errant or not) on a Monday morning. Let me assure you that I feel exactly the same way. Sorry about the dinner this evening. I hope it won’t be too tedious for you. x Christian Grey, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh yes. The American Shipbuilding Association dinner. I roll my eyes . . . More stuffed shirts. Christian really does take me to the most fascinating functions.
From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Ships that pass in the night Date: August 29, 2011 09:26 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I am sure you can think of a way to spice up the dinner . . . Yours in anticipation Mrs. G. x Anastasia (non-errant) Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Variety is the Spice of Life Date: August 29, 2011 09:35 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I have a few ideas . . . x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Now Impatient for the ASA Dinner Inc. All the muscles in my belly clench. Hmm . . . I wonder what he’ll dream up. Hannah knocks on the door, interrupting my reverie. “Ready to go through your schedule for this week, Ana?” “Sure. Sit.” I smile, recovering my equilibrium, and minimize my e-mail program. “I’ve had to move a couple of appointments. Mr. Fox next week and Dr.—” My phone rings, interrupting her. It’s Roach. He asks me up to his office. “Can we pick this up in twenty minutes?” “Of course.” From: Christian Grey Subject: Last night Date: August 30, 2011 09:24 To: Anastasia Grey Was . . . fun. Who would have thought the ASA annual dinner could be so stimulating? As ever, you never disappoint, Mrs. Grey. I love you. x Christian Grey In awe, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: I love a good ball game . . . Date: August 30, 2011 09:33
To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I have missed the silver balls. You never disappoint. That is all. Mrs. G. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP Hannah taps on my door, interrupting my erotic thoughts of the previous evening. Christian’s hands . . . his mouth. “Come in.” “Ana, Mr. Roach’s PA just called. He’d like you to attend a meeting this morning. It means I have to move some of your appointments again. Is that okay.” His tongue. “Sure. Yes,” I mutter trying to halt my wayward thoughts. She grins and ducks out of my office . . . leaving me with my delicious memory of last night. From: Christian Grey Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:24 To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia For your information, Hyde has been refused bail and remanded in custody. He’s charged with attempted kidnap and arson. As yet no date has been set for the trial. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:53 To: Christian Grey That’s good news. Does this mean you’ll lighten up on security? I really don’t see eye to eye with Prescott. Ana x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:59 To: Anastasia Grey No. Security will remain in place. No arguments.
What’s wrong with Prescott? If you don’t like her, we’ll replace her. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I scowl at his high-handed e-mail. Prescott isn’t that bad. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Keep your hair on! Date: September 1, 2011 16:03 To: Christian Grey I was just asking (rolls eyes). And I’ll think about Prescott. Stow that twitchy palm! Ana x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Don’t tempt me. Date: September 1, 2011 16:11 To: Anastasia Grey I can assure you, Mrs. Grey, that my hair is very firmly attached—has this not been demonstrated often enough by your good self? My palm, however, is twitching. I might do something about that tonight. x Christian Grey Not bald yet CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Squirm Date: September 1, 2011 16:20 To: Christian Grey Promises, promises . . . Now stop pestering me. I am trying to work; I have an impromptu meeting with an author. Will try not to be distracted by thoughts of you during the meeting. Ax Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Sailing & Soaring & Spanking Date: September 5, 2011 09:18 To: Christian Grey Husband You sure know how to show a girl a good time.
I shall of course be expecting this kind of treatment every weekend. You are spoiling me. I love it. Your wife xox Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: My Life’s Mission . . . Date: September 5, 2011 09:25 To: Anastasia Grey Is to spoil you, Mrs. Grey. And keep you safe because I love you. Christian Grey Smitten CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh my. Could he be any more romantic? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: My Life’s Mission . . . Date: September 5, 2011 09:33 To: Christian Grey Is to let you—because I love you, too. Now stop being so sappy. You are making me cry. Anastasia Grey Equally Smitten Commissioning Editor, SIP The following day, I gaze at the calendar on my desk. Only five days until September 10—my birthday. I know we are driving out to the house to see how Elliot and his crew are progressing. Hmm . . . I wonder if Christian has any other plans? I smile at the thought. Hannah taps on my door. “Come in.” Prescott is hovering outside. Odd . . . “Hi, Ana,” says Hannah. “There’s a Leila Williams here to see you? She says it’s personal.” “Leila Williams? I don’t know a . . .” My mouth goes dry, and Hannah’s eyes widen at my expression. Leila? Fuck. What does she want?
“Do you want me to send her away?” Hannah asks, alarmed at my expression. “Um, no. Where is she?” “In reception. She’s not alone. She’s accompanied by another young woman.” Oh! “And Miss Prescott wants to talk to you,” Hannah adds. I’m sure she does. “Send her in.” Hannah stands aside, and Prescott enters my office. She’s on a mission, bristling with professional efficiency. “Give me a moment, Hannah. Prescott, take a seat.” Hannah closes the door, leaving Prescott and me alone. “Mrs. Grey, Leila Williams is on your proscribed list of visitors.” “What?” I have a proscribed list? “On our watch list, ma’am. Taylor and Welch have been quite specific about not letting her come into contact with you.” I frown, not understanding. “Is she dangerous?” “I can’t say, ma’am.” “Why do I even know that she’s here?” Prescott swallows and for a moment looks awkward. “I was on a restroom break. She came in, spoke directly to Claire, and Claire called Hannah.” “Oh. I see.” I realize that even Prescott has to pee, and I laugh. “Oh dear.” “Yes ma’am.” Prescott gives me an embarrassed grin, and it’s the first time I’ve seen a chink in her armor. She has a lovely smile. “I need to talk to Claire about protocol, again,” she says, her tone weary. “Sure. Does Taylor know she’s here?” I cross my fingers unconsciously, hoping she hasn’t told Christian. “I left a brief voice message for him.” Oh. “Then I only have a short time. I’d like to know what she wants.” Prescott gazes at me for a moment. “I must advise against it, ma’am.” “She’s here to see me for a reason.” “I’m supposed to prevent that, ma’am.” Her voice is soft but resigned.
“I really want to hear what she has to say.” My tone is more forceful than I intend. Prescott stifles her sigh. “I’d like to search them both before you do.” “Okay. Can you do that?” “I’m here to protect you, Mrs. Grey, so yes, I can. I’d also like to stay with you while you talk.” “Okay.” I’ll grant her this concession. Besides, last time I met Leila, she was armed. “Go ahead.” Prescott rises. “Hannah,” I call. Hannah opens the door too quickly. She must have been hovering outside. “Can you check to see if the meeting room is free, please?” “I already have, and it’s good to go.” “Prescott, can you search them in there? Is it private enough?” “Yes, ma’am.” “I’ll be there in five minutes, then. Hannah, show Leila Williams and whomever she’s with into the meeting room.” “Will do.” Hannah looks anxiously from Prescott to me. “Shall I cancel your next meeting? It’s at four, but it’s across town.” “Yes,” I murmur, distracted. Hannah nods then leaves. What the hell does Leila want? I don’t think she’s here to do me any harm. She didn’t in the past when she had the opportunity. Christian is going to go nuts. My subconscious purses her lips, primly crosses her legs, and nods. I need to tell him that I am doing this. I type a quick e-mail, then pause, checking the time. I feel a momentary pang of regret. We’ve been getting along so well since Aspen. I press send. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Visitors Date: September 6, 2011 15:27 To: Christian Grey Christian Leila is here to see me. I will see her with Prescott. I’ll use my newly acquired slapping skills with my now healed hand, should I need to. Try, and I mean try, not to worry. I am a big girl. Will call once we’ve spoken. Ax Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP Hurriedly, I hide my BlackBerry in my desk drawer. I stand, smoothing my gray pencil skirt over my hips, pinch my cheeks to give them some color, and undo the next button on my gray silk blouse. Okay, I’m ready. After taking a deep breath, I head out of my office to meet the infamous Leila ignoring “Your Love is King” humming gently from inside my desk. Leila looks much better. More than better—she’s very attractive. There’s a rosy bloom to her cheeks, and her brown eyes are bright, her hair clean and shiny. She’s dressed in a pale pink blouse and white pants. She stands as soon as I enter the meeting room, as does her friend—another darkhaired young woman with soft brown eyes, the color of brandy. Prescott hovers in the corner, not taking her eyes off Leila. “Mrs. Grey, thank you so much for seeing me.” Leila’s voice is soft but clear.
“Um . . . Sorry about the security,” I mutter because I cannot think what else to say. I wave a hand distractedly at Prescott. “This is my friend, Susi.” “Hi.” I nod at Susi. She looks like Leila. She looks like me. Oh, no. Another one. “Yes,” Leila says, as if reading my thoughts. “Susi knows Mr. Grey, too.” What the hell am I supposed to say to that? I give her a polite smile. “Please, sit,” I murmur. There’s a knock on the door. It’s Hannah. I motion her in, knowing full well why she’s disturbing us. “Sorry to interrupt, Ana. I have Mr. Grey on the line?” “Tell him I’m busy.” “He was quite insistent,” she says fearfully. “I am sure he was. Would you apologize to him, and say I’ll call him back very shortly?” Hannah hesitates. “Hannah, please.” She nods and scurries out of the room. I turn back to the two women sitting in front of me. They are both staring at me in awe. It’s uncomfortable. “What can I do for you?” I ask. Susi speaks. “I know this is all kinds of weird, but I wanted to meet you, too. The woman who captured Chris—” I hold up my hand, stopping her in mid-sentence. I do not want to hear this. “Um . . . I get the picture,” I mutter. “We call ourselves the sub club.” She grins at me, her eyes shining with mirth. Oh my God. Leila gasps and gapes at Susi, at once amused and appalled. Susi winces. I suspect Leila’s kicked her under the table. What the hell am I supposed to say to that? I glance nervously at Prescott, who remains impassive, her eyes never leaving Leila. Susi seems to remember herself. She blushes, then nods and stands. “I’ll wait in reception. This is Lulu’s show.” I can tell she’s embarrassed. Lulu? “You’ll be okay?” she asks Leila, who smiles up at her. Susi gives me a large, open, genuine smile and exits the room. Susi and Christian . . . it’s not a thought I wish to dwell on. Prescott takes her phone out of her pocket and answers it. I didn’t hear it ring. “Mr. Grey,” she says. Leila and I turn to look at her. Prescott closes her eyes as if in pain. “Yes, sir,” she says, stepping forward, and hands me the phone. I roll my eyes. “Christian,” I murmur, trying to contain my exasperation. I stand and stride briskly out of the room. “What the fuck are you playing at?” he shouts. He’s seething. “Don’t shout at me.” “What do you mean don’t shout at you?” he shouts, louder this time. “I gave specific instructions which you have completely disregarded—again. Hell, Ana, I am fucking furious.” “When you are calmer, we will talk about this.” “Don’t you hang up on me,” he hisses.
“Good-bye, Christian.” I hang up and switch off Prescott’s phone. Holy shit. I don’t have long with Leila. Taking a deep breath, I reenter the meeting room. Both Leila and Prescott look up at me expectantly, and I hand Prescott her phone. “Where were we?” I ask Leila as I sit back down opposite her. Her eyes widen slightly. Yes. Apparently, I handle him, I want to say to her. But I don’t think she wants to hear that. Leila fiddles nervously with the ends of her hair. “First, I wanted to apologize,” she says softly. Oh . . . She glances up and registers my surprise. “Yes,” she says quickly. “And to thank you for not pressing charges. You know—for your car and in your apartment.” “I know you weren’t . . . um, well,” I murmur, reeling. I hadn’t expected an apology. “No, I wasn’t.” “You’re feeling better now?” I ask gently. “Much. Thank you.” “Does your doctor know you’re here?” She shakes her head. Oh. She looks suitably guilty. “I know I’ll have to deal with the fallout for this later. But I had to get some things, and I wanted to see Susi, and you, and . . . Mr. Grey.” “You want to see Christian?” My stomach free-falls to the floor. That’s why she’s here. “Yes. I wanted to ask you if that would be okay.” Holy fuck. I gape at her, and I want to tell her that it’s not okay. I don’t want her anywhere near my husband. Why is she here? To assess the opposition? To unsettle me? Or perhaps she needs this as some sort of closure? “Leila.” I flounder, exasperated. “It’s not up to me, it’s up to Christian. You’ll need to ask him. He doesn’t need my permission. He’s a grown man . . . most of the time.” She gazes at me for a fraction of a beat as if surprised by my reaction then laughs softly, nervously twiddling the end of her hair. “He’s repeatedly refused all my requests to see him,” she says quietly. Oh shit. I’m in more trouble than I thought. “Why is it so important for you to see him?” I ask gently. “To thank him. I’d be rotting in a stinking prison psychiatric facility if it wasn’t for him. I know that.” She glances down and runs her finger along the edge of the table. “I suffered a serious psychotic episode, and without Mr. Grey and John—Dr. Flynn . . .” She shrugs and gazes at me once more, her face full of gratitude. Once again I’m speechless. What does she expect me to say? Surely she should be saying these things to Christian, not me. “And for art school. I can’t thank him enough for that.” I knew it! Christian is funding her classes. I remain expressionless, tentatively exploring my feelings for this woman now that she’s confirmed my suspicions about Christian’s generosity. To my surprise, I feel no ill will toward her. It’s a revelation, and I’m glad she’s better. Now, hopefully, she can move on with her life and out of ours. “Are you missing classes right now?” I ask, because I’m interested. “Only two. I head home tomorrow.” Oh good. “What are your plans, while you’re here?” “Pick up my belongings from Susi, return to Hamden. Continue painting and learning. Mr. Grey
already has a couple of my paintings.” What the hell! My stomach plunges into the basement once more. Are they hanging in my living room? I bridle at the thought. “What sort of painting do you do?” “Abstracts, mainly.” “I see.” My mind flits through the now-familiar paintings in the great room. Two by his ex-sub . . . possibly. Jeez. “Mrs. Grey, can I speak frankly?” she asks, completely oblivious to my warring emotions. “By all means,” I mutter, glancing at Prescott, who looks like she’s relaxed a little. Leila leans forward as if to impart a long-held secret. “I loved Geoff, my boyfriend who died earlier this year.” Her voice drops to a sad whisper. Holy shit, she’s getting personal. “I’m so sorry,” I mutter automatically, but she continues as if she hasn’t heard me. “I loved my husband . . . and one other,” she murmurs. “My husband.” The words are out of my mouth before I can stop them. “Yes.” She mouths the word. This is not news to me. When she lifts her brown eyes to mine, they are wide with conflicting emotions, and the overriding one seems to be apprehension . . . of my reaction, perhaps? But my overwhelming response to this poor young woman is compassion. Mentally I run through all the classical literature I can think of that deals with unrequited love. Swallowing hard, I clutch the moral high ground. “I know. He’s very easy to love,” I whisper. Her wide eyes widen further in surprise, and she smiles. “Yes. He is—was.” She corrects herself quickly and blushes. Then she giggles so sweetly that I can’t help myself. I giggle, too. Yes, Christian Grey makes us giggly. My subconscious rolls her eyes at me in despair and goes back to reading her dog-eared copy of Jane Eyre. I glance at my watch. Deep down I know Christian will be here soon. “You’ll get your chance to see Christian.” “I thought I would. I know how protective he can be.” She smiles. So this is her scheme. She’s very shrewd. Or manipulative, whispers my subconscious. “This is why you’re here to see me?” “Yes.” “I see.” And Christian is playing right into her hands. Reluctantly, I have to acknowledge that she knows him well. “He seemed very happy. With you,” she says. What? “How would you know?” “From when I was in the apartment.” She adds cautiously. Oh hell . . . how could I forget that? “Were you there often?” “No. But he was very different with you.” Do I want to hear this? A shudder runs through me. My scalp prickles as I recall my fear when she was the unseen shadow in our apartment. “You know it’s against the law. Trespassing.” She nods, gazing down at the table. She runs a fingernail along the edge. “It was only a few times, and I was lucky not to get caught. Again, I need to thank Mr. Grey for that. He could have had me thrown in jail.”
“I don’t think he’d do that,” I murmur. Suddenly there is a flurry of activity outside the meeting room, and instinctively I know that Christian is in the building. A moment later he bursts through the door, and before he closes it, I catch Taylor’s eye as he stands patiently outside. Taylor’s mouth is set in a grim line, and he doesn’t return my tight smile. Oh hell, even he’s mad at me. Christian’s burning gray gaze pins first me then Leila to our chairs. His demeanor is quietly determined, but I know better, and I suspect Leila does, too. The menacing cool glint in his eyes reveals the truth—he’s emanating rage, though he hides it well. In his gray suit, with his dark tie loosened and the top button of his white shirt undone, he looks at once businesslike and casual . . . and hot. His hair is in disarray—no doubt because he’s been running his hands through it in exasperation. Leila looks nervously down at the edge of the table, running her index finger along the edge again as Christian looks from me to her and then to Prescott. “You,” he says to Prescott in a soft tone. “You’re fired. Get out now.” I blanch. Oh no—this isn’t fair. “Christian—” I make to stand up. He holds his index finger up at me in warning. “Don’t,” he says. His voice so ominously quiet that I’m immediately silenced and rooted to my seat. Bowing her head, Prescott walks briskly out of the room to join Taylor. Christian shuts the door behind her and walks to the edge of the table. Crap! Crap! Crap! That was my fault. Christian stands opposite Leila, and placing both hands on the wooden surface, he leans forward. “What the fuck are you doing here?” he growls at her. “Christian!” I gasp. He ignores me. “Well?” he demands. Leila peeks up at him through long lashes, her eyes wide, her face ashen, her rosy glow gone. “I wanted to see you, and you wouldn’t let me,” she whispers. “So you came here to harass my wife?” His voice is quiet. Too quiet. Leila looks down at the table again. He stands, glowering at her. “Leila, if you come anywhere near my wife again, I will cut off all support. Doctors, art school, medical insurance—all of it—gone. Do you understand?” “Christian—” I try again. But he silences me with a chilling look. Why is he being so unreasonable? My compassion for this sad woman blooms. “Yes,” she says, her voice just audible. “What’s Susannah doing in reception?” “She came with me.” He runs a hand through his hair, glaring at her. “Christian, please,” I beg him. “Leila just wants to say thank you. That’s all.” He ignores me, concentrating his wrath on Leila. “Did you stay with Susannah while you were sick?” “Yes.” “Did she know what you were doing while you were staying with her?” “No. She was away on vacation.” He strokes his index finger over his lower lip. “Why do you need to see me? You know you should send any requests through Flynn. Do you need something?” His tone has softened, maybe by a fraction. Leila runs her finger along the edge of the table again. Stop bullying her, Christian!
“I had to know.” And for the first time she looks up directly at him. “Had to know what?” he snaps. “That you’re okay.” He gapes at her. “That I’m okay?” he scoffs, disbelieving. “Yes.” “I’m fine. There, question answered. Now Taylor will run you to Sea-Tac so you can go back to the East Coast. And if you take one step west of the Mississippi, it’s all gone. Understand?” Holy fuck . . . Christian! I gape at him. What the fuck is eating him? He cannot confine her to one side of the country. “Yes. I understand,” Leila says quietly. “Good.” Christian’s tone is more conciliatory. “It might not be convenient for Leila to go back now. She has plans,” I object, outraged on her behalf. Christian glares at me. “Anastasia,” he warns, his voice icy, “this does not concern you.” I scowl at him. Of course it concerns me. She’s in my office. There must be more to this than I know. He’s not being rational. Fifty Shades, my subconscious hisses at me. “Leila came to see me, not you,” I murmur petulantly. Leila turns to me, her eyes impossibly wide. “I had my instructions, Mrs. Grey. I disobeyed them.” She glances nervously at my husband, then back at me. “This is the Christian Grey I know,” she says, her tone sad and wistful. Christian frowns at her, while all the breath evaporates from my lungs. I can’t breathe. Was Christian like this with her all the time? Was he like this with me, at first? I find it hard to remember. Giving me a forlorn smile, Leila rises from the table. “I’d like to stay until tomorrow. My flight is at noon,” she says quietly to Christian. “I’ll have someone collect you at ten to take you to the airport.” “Thank you.” “You’re at Susannah’s?” “Yes.” “Okay.” I glare at Christian. He can’t dictate to her like this . . . and how does he know where Susannah lives? “Good-bye, Mrs. Grey. Thank you for seeing me.” I stand and hold out my hand. She takes it gratefully and we shake. “Um . . . good-bye. Good luck,” I mutter, because I’m not sure what the protocol is for saying farewell to my husband’s ex-submissive. She nods and turns to him. “Good-bye, Christian.” Christian’s eyes soften a little. “Good-bye, Leila.” His is voice low. “Dr. Flynn, remember.” “Yes, Sir.” He opens the door to usher her out, but she halts in front of him and looks up. He stills, watching her warily. “I’m glad you’re happy. You deserve to be,” she says and leaves before he can reply. He frowns after her, then nods to Taylor, who follows Leila toward the reception area. Closing the door, Christian gazes uncertainly at me.
“Don’t even think about being angry with me,” I hiss. “Call Claude Bastille and kick the shit out of him or go see Flynn.” His mouth drops open; he’s so surprised by my outburst, and his brow creases once more. “You promised you wouldn’t do this.” Now his tone is accusatory. “Do what?” “Defy me.” “No I didn’t. I said I’d be more considerate. I told you she was here. I had Prescott search her, and your other little friend, too. Prescott was with me the entire time. Now you’ve fired the poor woman, when she was only doing what I asked. I told you not to worry, yet here you are. I don’t remember receiving your papal bull decreeing that I couldn’t see Leila. I didn’t know that my visitors were subject to a proscribed list.” My voice rises with indignation as I warm to my cause. Christian regards me, his expression unreadable. After a moment his mouth twists. “Papal bull?” he says, amused, and he visibly relaxes. I wasn’t aiming to lighten our conversation, yet here he is smirking at me, and that makes me madder. The exchange between him and his ex was painful to witness. How could he be so cold with her? “What?” he asks, exasperated, as my face remains resolutely straight. “You. Why were you so callous toward her?” He sighs and shifts, stepping toward me and perching on the table. “Anastasia,” he says as if to a child. “You don’t understand. Leila, Susannah—all of them—they were a pleasant, diverting pastime. But that’s all. You are the center of my universe. And the last time you two were in a room together, she had you at gunpoint. I don’t want her anywhere near you.” “But, Christian, she was ill.” “I know that, and I know she’s better now, but I’m not giving her the benefit of the doubt anymore. What she did was unforgivable.” “But you’ve just played right into her hands. She wanted to see you again, and she knew you’d come running if she came to see me.” Christian shrugs as if he doesn’t care. “I don’t want you tainted with my old life.” What? “Christian . . . you are who you are because of your old life, your new life, whatever. What touches you, touches me. I accepted that when I agreed to marry you, because I love you.” He stills. I know he finds it hard to hear this. “She didn’t hurt me. She loves you, too.” “I don’t give a fuck.” I gape at him, shocked. And I’m shocked that he still has the capacity to shock me. This is the Christian Grey I know. Leila’s words rattle around my head. His reaction to her was so cold, so much at odds with the man I’ve come to know and love. I frown, recalling the remorse he felt when she had her breakdown, when he thought he might in some way be responsible for her pain. I swallow, remembering, too, that he bathed her. My stomach twists painfully at the thought, and bile rises in my throat. How can he say he doesn’t care about her? He did back then. What’s changed? Sometimes, like now, I just don’t understand him. He operates on a level far, far removed from mine. “Why are you championing her cause all of a sudden?” he asks, mystified and irritable. “Look, Christian, I don’t think Leila and I will be swapping recipes and knitting patterns anytime soon. But I didn’t think you’d be so heartless to her.” His eyes frost. “I told you once, I don’t have a heart,” he mutters. I roll my eyes—oh, now he is being adolescent.
“That’s just not true, Christian. You’re being ridiculous. You do care about her. You wouldn’t be paying for art classes and the rest of that stuff if you didn’t.” Suddenly, it’s my lifetime ambition to make him realize this. It’s painstakingly obvious that he cares. Why does he deny it? It’s like his feelings for his birth mother. Oh shit—of course. His feelings for Leila and his other submissives are tangled up with his feelings for his mother. I like to whip little brown-haired girls like you because you all look like the crack whore . No wonder he’s so mad. I sigh and shake my head. Paging Dr. Flynn, please. How can he not see this? My heart swells for him momentarily. My lost boy . . . Why is it so hard for him to get back in touch with the humanity, the compassion he showed Leila when she had her breakdown? He glares at me, his eyes glittering with anger. “This discussion is over. Let’s go home.” I glance at my watch. It’s four twenty-three. I have work to do. “It’s too early,” I mutter. “Home,” he insists. “Christian.” My voice is weary. “I’m tired of having the same argument with you.” He frowns as if he doesn’t understand. “You know,” I elucidate, “I do something you don’t like, and you think of some way to get back at me. Usually involving some of your kinky fuckery, which is either mind-blowing or cruel.” I shrug, resigned. This is exhausting and confusing. “Mind-blowing?” he asks. What? “Usually, yes.” “What was mind-blowing?” he asks, his eyes now shimmering with amused sensual curiosity. And I know he’s trying to distract me. Crap! I do not want to discuss this in SIP’s meeting room. My subconscious examines her finely manicured nails with disdain. Shouldn’t have brought the subject up, then. “You know.” I blush, irritated with both him and myself. “I can guess,” he whispers. Holy crap. I’m trying to castigate him and he’s confounding me. “Christian, I—” “I like to please you.” He delicately traces his thumb over my bottom lip. “You do,” I acknowledge, my voice a whisper. “I know,” he says softly. He leans forward and whispers in my ear, “It’s the one thing I do know.” Oh, he smells good. He leans back and gazes down at me, his lips curled in an arrogant, I-so-own-you smile. Pursing my lips, I strive to appear unaffected by his touch. He is so artful at diverting me from anything painful, or anything he doesn’t want to address. And you let him, my subconscious pipes up unhelpfully, gazing over her copy of Jane Eyre. “What was mind-blowing, Anastasia?” he prompts, a wicked gleam in his eye. “You want the list?” I ask. “There’s a list?” He’s pleased. Oh, this man is exhausting. “Well, the handcuffs,” I mumble, my mind catapulted back to our honeymoon. He furrows his brow and grasps my hand, tracing the pulse point on my wrist with his thumb. “I don’t want to mark you.” Oh . . . His lips curl in a slow carnal smile. “Come home.” His tone is seductive. “I have work to do.”
“Home,” he says, more insistent. We gaze at each other, molten gray into bewildered blue, testing each other, testing our boundaries and our wills. I search his eyes for some understanding, trying to fathom how this man can go from raging control freak to seductive lover in one breath. His eyes grow larger and darker, his intention clear. Softly, he caresses my cheek. “We could stay here.” His is voice low and husky. Oh no. My inner goddess gazes longingly down at the wooden table. No. No. No. Not in the office. “Christian, I don’t want to have sex here. Your mistress has just been in this room.” “She was never my mistress,” he growls, his mouth flattening into a grim line. “That’s just semantics, Christian.” He frowns, his expression puzzled. The seductive lover has gone. “Don’t overthink this, Ana. She’s history,” he says dismissively. I sigh . . . maybe he’s right. I just want him to admit to himself that he cares for her. A chill grips my heart. Oh no. This is why it’s important to me. Suppose I do something unforgivable. Suppose I don’t conform. Will I be history, too? If he can turn like this, when he was so concerned and upset when Leila was ill . . . could he turn against me? I gasp, recalling the fragments of a dream: gilt mirrors and the sound of his heels clicking on the marbled floor as he leaves me standing alone in opulent splendor. “No . . .” The words are out of my mouth in whispered horror before I can stop them. “Yes,” he says, and grasping my chin, he leans down and plants a tender kiss on my lips. “Oh, Christian, you scare me sometimes.” I grasp his head in my hands, twist my fingers into his hair, and pull his lips to mine. He stills for a moment as his arms fold around me. “Why?” “You could turn away from her so easily . . .” He frowns. “And you think I might turn away from you, Ana? Why the hell would you think that? What’s brought this on?” “Nothing. Kiss me. Take me home,” I plead. And as his lips touch mine, I am lost. “Oh please,” I beg, as Christian blows gently on my sex. “All in good time,” he murmurs. I pull on my restraints and groan loudly in protest from his carnal assault. I’m trussed up in soft leather cuffs, each elbow bound to each knee, and Christian’s head bobs and weaves between my legs, his masterful tongue teasing me, relentless. I open my eyes and gaze unseeing at our bedroom ceiling bathed in the soft late afternoon light. His tongue moves round and round, swirling and curling over and around the center of my universe. I want to straighten my legs and struggle in a vain attempt to control the pleasure. But I can’t. My fingers fist in his hair and I tug hard to fight his sublime torture. “Don’t come,” he murmurs in warning against me, his soft breath on my warm, wet flesh as he resists my fingers. “I will spank you if you come.” I moan. “Control, Ana. It’s all about control.” His tongue renews its erotic incursion. Oh, he knows what he’s doing. I am helpless to resist or stop my slavish reaction, and I try—really
try—but my body detonates under his merciless ministrations, and his tongue doesn’t stop as he wrings every last ounce of debilitating pleasure from me. “Oh, Ana,” he scolds. “You came.” His voice is soft with his triumphant reprimand. He flips me onto my front, and I shakily support myself on my forearms. He smacks me hard on my behind. “Ah!” I cry out. “Control,” he admonishes, and grabbing my hips he thrusts himself into me. I cry out again, my flesh still quivering from the aftershocks of my orgasm. He stills while deep inside me and, leaning over, unclips first one, then the second cuff. He wraps his arm around me and pulls me into his lap, his front to my back, and his hand curls beneath my chin around my throat. I revel in the feeling of fullness. “Move,” he orders. I moan and rise up and down on his lap. “Faster,” he whispers. And I move faster and faster. He groans and his hand tips my head back as he nibbles my neck. His other hand travels leisurely across my body, from my hip, down to my sex, down to my clitoris . . . still sensitive from his earlier lavish attention. I whimper as his fingers close around me, teasing me once more. “Yes, Ana,” he rasps softly in my ear. “You are mine. Only you.” “Yes,” I breathe as my body tightens again, closing around him, cradling him in the most intimate way. “Come for me,” he demands. And I let go, my body obediently following his command. He holds me still as my climax rips through me and I call out his name. “Oh, Ana, I love you,” he groans and follows my lead as he bucks into me, finding his own release. He kisses my shoulder and smoothes my hair from my face. “Does that make the list, Mrs. Grey?” he murmurs. I am lying, barely conscious, flat on my belly on our bed. Christian gently kneads my backside. He’s propped up beside me on one elbow. “Hmm.” “Is that a yes?” “Hmm.” I smile. He grins and kisses me again, and reluctantly I roll on my side to face him. “Well?” he asks. “Yes. It makes the list. But it’s a long list.” His face nearly splits in two, and he leans forward to kiss me gently. “Good. Shall we have dinner?” His eyes glow with love and humor. I nod. I am famished. I reach over to gently pull the little hairs on his chest. “I want you to tell me something,” I whisper. “What?” “Don’t get mad.” “What is it, Ana?” “You do care.” His eyes widen, and all trace of his good humor vanishes. “I want you to admit that you care. Because the Christian I know and love would care.” He stills, his eyes not leaving mine, and I’m witness to his internal struggle as if he’s about to make the judgment of Solomon. He opens his mouth to say something then closes it again as some fleeting
emotion crosses his face . . . pain, maybe. Say it, I will him. “Yes. Yes, I care. Happy?” His voice is barely a whisper. Oh, thank fuck for that. It’s a relief. “Yes. Very.” He frowns. “I can’t believe I’m talking to you now, here in our bed, about—” I put my finger to his lips. “We’re not. Let’s eat. I’m hungry.” He sighs and shakes his head. “You beguile and bewilder me, Mrs. Grey.” “Good.” I lean up and kiss him. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: The List Date: September 9, 2011 09:33 To: Christian Grey That’s definitely at the top. :D Ax Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Tell Me Something New Date: September 9, 2011 09:42 To: Anastasia Grey You’ve said that for the last three days. Make your mind up.Or . . . we could try something else. ;) Christian Grey CEO, Enjoying this Game, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I grin at my screen. The last few evenings have been . . . entertaining. We have relaxed again, Leila’s brief interruption forgotten. I haven’t quite worked up the courage to ask if any of her paintings hang on the walls—and frankly, I don’t really care. My BlackBerry buzzes and I answer, expecting Christian. “Ana?” “Yes?” “Ana, honey. It’s José Senior.” “Mr. Rodriguez! Hi!” My scalp prickles. What does José’s dad want with me? “Honey, I’m sorry to call you at work. It’s Ray.” His voice falters. “What is it? What’s happened?” My heart leaps into my throat. “Ray’s been in an accident.” Oh, no. Daddy. I stop breathing. “He’s in the hospital. You’d better get here quick.”
“Mr. Rodriguez, what’s happened?” My voice is hoarse and thick with unshed tears. Ray. Sweet Ray. My dad. “He’s been in a car accident.” “Okay, I’ll come . . . I’ll come now.” Adrenaline has flooded my bloodstream, leaving panic in its wake. I’m finding it difficult to breathe. “They’ve transferred him to Portland.” Portland? What the hell is he doing in Portland? “They airlifted him, Ana. I’m heading there now. OHSU. Oh, Ana, I didn’t see the car. I just didn’t see it . . .” His voice cracks. Mr. Rodriguez—no! “I’ll see you there.” Mr. Rodriguez chokes and the line goes dead. A dark dread seizes me by the throat, overwhelming me. Ray. No. No. I take a deep steadying breath, pick up the phone and call Roach. He answers on the second ring. “Ana?” “Jerry. It’s my father.” “Ana, what happened?” I explain, barely pausing to breathe. “Go. Of course, you must go. I hope your father’s okay.” “Thank you. I’ll keep you informed.” Inadvertently I slam the phone down, but right now couldn’t care less. “Hannah!” I call, aware of the anxiety in my voice. Moments later she pokes her head around the door to find me packing my purse and grabbing papers to stuff into my briefcase. “Yes, Ana?” She frowns. “My father has been in an accident. I have to go.” “Oh dear—” “Cancel all my appointments today. And Monday. You’ll have to finish prepping the e-book presentation—notes are in the shared file. Get Courtney to help if you have to.” “Yes,” Hannah whispers. “I hope he’s okay. Don’t worry about anything here. We’ll muddle through.” “I have my BlackBerry.”
The concern etched on her pinched, pale face is almost my undoing. Daddy. I grab my jacket, purse, and briefcase. “I’ll call you if I need anything.” “Do, please. Good luck, Ana. Hope he’s okay.” I give her a small tight smile, fighting to maintain my composure, and exit my office. I try hard not to run all the way to reception. Sawyer leaps to his feet when I arrive. “Mrs. Grey?” he asks, confused by my sudden appearance. “We’re going to Portland—now.” “Okay, ma’am,” he says, frowning, but opens the door. Moving is good. “Mrs. Grey,” Sawyer asks as we race toward the parking lot. “Can I ask why we’re making this unscheduled trip?” “It’s my dad. He’s been in an accident.” “I see. Does Mr. Grey know?” “I’ll call him from the car.” Sawyer nods and opens the rear door to the Audi SUV and I climb in. With shaking fingers, I reach , for my BlackBerry, and I dial Christian’s cell. “Mrs. Grey.” Andrea’s voice is crisp and businesslike. “Is Christian there?” I breathe. “Um . . . he’s somewhere in the building, ma’am. He’s left his BlackBerry charging with me.” I groan silently with frustration. “Can you tell him I called, and that I need to speak with him? It’s urgent.” “I could try and track him down. He does have a habit of wandering off sometimes.” “Just get him to call me, please,” I beg, fighting back tears. “Certainly, Mrs. Grey.” She hesitates. “Is everything all right?” “No,” I whisper, not trusting my voice. “Please, just get him to call me.” “Yes, ma’am.” I hang up. I cannot contain my anguish any longer. Pulling my knees up to my chest, I curl up on the rear seat, and tears ooze, unwelcome, down my cheeks. “Where in Portland, Mrs. Grey?” Sawyer asks gently. “OHSU,” I choke out. “The big hospital.” Sawyer pulls out into the street and heads for the I-5, while I keen softly in the back of the car, muttering wordless prayers. Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. My phone rings, “Your Love Is King” startling me from my mantra. “Christian,” I gasp. “Christ, Ana. What’s wrong?” “It’s Ray—he’s been in an accident.” “Shit!” “Yes. I am on my way to Portland.” “Portland? Please tell me Sawyer is with you.” “Yes, he’s driving.” “Where is Ray?” “At OHSU.” I hear a muffled voice in the background. “Yes, Ros,” Christian snaps angrily. “I know! Sorry, baby —I can be there in about three hours. I have business I need to finish here. I’ll fly down.”
Oh shit. Charlie Tango is back in commission and last time Christian flew her . . . “I have a meeting with some guys over from Taiwan. I can’t blow them off. It’s a deal we’ve been hammering out for months.” Why do I know nothing about this? “I’ll leave as soon as I can.” “Okay,” I whisper. And I want to say that it’s okay, stay in Seattle, and sort out your business, but the truth is I want him with me. “Oh, baby,” he whispers. “I’ll be okay, Christian. Take your time. Don’t rush. I don’t want to worry about you, too. Fly safely.” “I will.” “Love you.” “I love you, too, baby. I’ll be with you as soon as I can. Keep Luke close.” “Yes, I will.” “I’ll see you later.” “Bye.” After hanging up, I hug my knees once more. I know nothing about Christian’s business. What the hell is he doing with the Taiwanese? I gaze out the window as we pass Boeing Field-King County Airport. He must fly safely. My stomach knots anew and nausea threatens. Ray and Christian. I don’t think my heart could take that. Leaning back, I start my mantra again: Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. “Mrs. Grey.” Sawyer’s voice rouses me. “We’re on the hospital grounds. I just have to find the ER.” “I know where it is.” My mind flits back to my last visit to OHSU when, on my second day, I fell off a stepladder at Clayton’s, twisting my ankle. I recall Paul Clayton hovering over me and shudder at the memory. Sawyer pulls up to the drop-off point and leaps out to open my door. “I’ll go park, ma’am, and come find you. Leave your briefcase, I’ll bring it.” “Thank you, Luke.” He nods, and I walk briskly into the buzzing ER reception area. The receptionist at the desk gives me a polite smile, and within a few moments, she’s located Ray and is sending me to the OR on the third floor. OR? Fuck! “Thank you,” I mutter, trying to focus on her directions to the elevators. My stomach lurches as I almost run toward them. Let him be okay. Please let him be okay. The elevator is agonizingly slow, stopping on each floor. Come on . . . Come on! I will it to move faster, scowling at the people strolling in and out and preventing me from getting to my dad. Finally, the doors open on the third floor, and I rush to another reception desk, this one staffed by nurses in navy uniforms. “Can I help you?” asks one officious nurse with a myopic stare. “My father, Raymond Steele. He’s just been admitted. He’s in OR-4, I think.” Even as I say the words, I am willing them not to be true. “Let me check, Miss Steele.” I nod, not bothering to correct her as she gazes intently at her computer screen. “Yes. He’s been in for a couple of hours. If you’d like to wait, I’ll let them know that you’re here. The waiting room’s there.” She points toward a large white door helpfully labeled WAITING ROOM in
bold blue lettering. “Is he okay?” I ask, trying to keep my voice steady. “You’ll have to wait for one of the attending doctor to brief you, ma’am.” “Thank you,” I mutter—but inside I am screaming, I want to know now! I open the door to reveal a functional, austere waiting room where Mr. Rodriguez and José are seated. “Ana!” Mr. Rodriguez gasps. His arm is in a cast, and his cheek is bruised on one side. He’s in a wheelchair with one of his legs in a cast too. I gingerly wrap my arms around him. “Oh, Mr. Rodriguez,” I sob. “Ana, honey.” He pats my back with his uninjured arm. “I’m so sorry,” he mumbles, his hoarse voice cracking. Oh no. “No, Papa,” José says softly in admonishment as he hovers behind me. When I turn, he pulls me into his arms and holds me. “José,” I mutter. And I’m lost—tears falling as all the tension, fear, and heartache of the last three hours surface. “Hey, Ana, don’t cry.” José gently strokes my hair. I wrap my arms around his neck and softly weep. We stand like this for ages, and I’m so grateful that my friend is here. We pull apart when Sawyer joins us in the waiting room. Mr. Rodriguez hands me a tissue from a conveniently placed box, and I dry my tears. “This is Mr. Sawyer. Security,” I murmur. Sawyer nods politely to José and Mr. Rodriguez then moves to take a seat in the corner. “Sit down, Ana.” José ushers me to one of the vinyl-covered armchairs. “What happened? Do we know how he is? What are they doing?” José holds up his hands to halt my barrage of questions and sits down beside me. “We don’t have any news. Ray, Dad, and I were on a fishing trip to Astoria. We were hit by some stupid fucking drunk—” Mr. Rodriguez tries to interrupt, stammering an apology. “Cálmate, Papa!” José snaps. “I don’t have a mark on me, just a couple of bruised ribs and a knock on the head. Dad . . . well, Dad broke his wrist and ankle. But the car hit the passenger side and Ray.” Oh no, no . . . Panic swamps my limbic system again. No, no, no. My body shudders and chills as I imagine what’s happening to Ray in the OR. “He’s in surgery. We were taken to the community hospital in Astoria, but they airlifted Ray here. We don’t know what they’re doing. We’re waiting for news.” I start to shake. “Hey, Ana, you cold?” I nod. I’m in my white sleeveless shirt and black summer jacket, and neither provides warmth. Gingerly, José pulls off his leather jacket and wraps it around my shoulders. “Shall I get you some tea, ma’am?” Sawyer is by my side. I nod gratefully, and he disappears from the room. “Why were you fishing in Astoria?” I ask. José shrugs. “The fishing’s supposed to be good there. We were having a boys’ get-together. Some bonding time with my old man before academia heats up for my final year.” José’s dark eyes are large and luminous with fear and regret. “You could have been hurt, too. And Mr. Rodriguez . . . worse.” I gulp at the thought. My body
temperature drops further, and I shiver once more. José takes my hand. “Hell, Ana, you’re freezing.” Mr. Rodriguez inches forward and takes my other hand in his good one. “Ana, I am so sorry.” “Mr. Rodriguez, please. It was an accident . . .” My voice fades to a whisper. “Call me José,” he corrects me. I give him a weak smile, because that’s all I can manage. I shiver once more. “The police took the asshole into custody. Seven in the morning and the guy was out of his skull,” José hisses in disgust. Sawyer reenters, bearing a paper cup of hot water and a separate teabag. He knows how I take my tea! I’m surprised, and glad for the distraction. Mr. Rodriguez and José release my hands as I gratefully take the cup from Sawyer. “Do either of you want anything?” Sawyer asks Mr. Rodriguez and José. They both shake their heads, and Sawyer resumes his seat in the corner. I dunk my teabag in the water and, rising shakily, dispose of the used bag in a small trashcan. “What’s taking them so long?” I mutter to no one in particular as I take a sip. Daddy . . . Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. “We’ll know soon enough, Ana,” José says gently. I nod and take another sip. I take my seat again beside him. We wait . . . and wait. Mr. Rodriguez with his eyes closed, praying I think, and José holding my hand and squeezing it every now and then. I slowly sip my tea. It’s not Twinings, but some cheap nasty brand, and it tastes disgusting. I remember the last time I waited for news. The last time I thought all was lost when Charlie Tango went missing. Closing my eyes, I offer up a silent prayer for the safe passage of my husband. I glance at my watch: 2:15 p.m. He should be here soon. My tea is cold . . . Ugh! I stand up and pace then sit down again. Why haven’t the doctors been to see me? I take José’s hand, and he gives mine another reassuring squeeze. Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. Time crawls so slowly. Suddenly the door opens, and we all glance up expectantly, my stomach knotting. Is this it? Christian strides in. His face darkens momentarily when he notices my hand in José’s. “Christian!” I gasp and leap up, thanking God he’s arrived safely. Then I’m wrapped in his arms, his nose in my hair, and I’m inhaling his scent, his warmth, his love. A small part of me feels calmer, stronger, and more resilient because he’s here. Oh, the difference his presence makes to my peace of mind. “Any news?” I shake my head, unable to speak. “José.” He nods a greeting. “Christian, this is my father, José Senior.” “Mr. Rodriguez—we met at the wedding. I take it you were in the accident, too?” José briefly retells the story. “Are you both well enough to be here?” Christian asks. “We don’t want to be anywhere else,” Mr. Rodriguez says, his voice quiet and laced with pain. Christian nods. Taking my hand, he sits me down then takes a seat beside me. “Have you eaten?” he asks. I shake my head. “Are you hungry?”
I shake my head. “But you’re cold?” he asks, eyeing José’s jacket. I nod. He shifts in his chair, but wisely says nothing. The door opens again, and a young doctor in bright blue scrubs enters. He looks exhausted and harrowed. All the blood disappears from my head as I stumble to my feet. “Ray Steele,” I whisper as Christian stands beside me, putting his arm around my waist. “You’re his next of kin?” the doctor asks. His bright blue eyes almost match his scrubs, and under any other circumstances I would have found him attractive. “I’m his daughter, Ana.” “Miss Steele—” “Mrs. Grey,” Christian interrupts him. “My apologies,” the doctor stammers, and for a moment I want to kick Christian. “I’m Doctor Crowe. Your father is stable, but in a critical condition.” What does that mean? My knees buckle beneath me, and only Christian’s supporting arm prevents me from falling to the floor. “He suffered severe internal injuries,” Dr. Crowe says, “principally to his diaphragm, but we’ve managed to repair them, and we were able to save his spleen. Unfortunately, he suffered a cardiac arrest during the operation because of blood loss. We managed to get his heart going again, but this remains a concern. However, our gravest concern is that he suffered severe contusions to the head, and the MRI shows that he has swelling in his brain. We’ve induced a coma to keep him quiet and still while we monitor the brain swelling.” Brain damage? No. “It’s standard procedure in these cases. For now, we just have to wait and see.” “And what’s the prognosis?” Christian asks coolly. “Mr. Grey, it’s difficult to say at the moment. It’s possible he could make a complete recovery, but that’s in God’s hands now.” “How long will you keep him in a coma?” “That depends on how his brain responds. Usually seventy-two to ninety-six hours.” Oh, so long! “Can I see him?” I whisper. “Yes, you should be able to see him in about half an hour. He’s been taken to the ICU on the sixth floor.” “Thank you, Doctor.” Dr. Crowe nods, turns and leaves us. “Well, he’s alive,” I whisper to Christian. And the tears start to roll down my face once more. “Sit down,” Christian orders gently. “Papa, I think we should go. You need to rest. We won’t know anything for a while,” José murmurs to Mr. Rodriguez who gazes blankly at his son. “We can come back this evening, after you’ve rested. That’s okay, isn’t it, Ana?” José turns, imploring me. “Of course.” “Are you staying in Portland?” Christian asks. José nods. “Do you need a ride home?” José frowns. “I was going to order a cab.” “Luke can take you.” Sawyer stands, and José looks confused.
“Luke Sawyer,” I murmur in clarification. “Oh . . . Sure. Yeah, we’d appreciate it. Thanks, Christian.” Standing, I hug Mr. Rodriguez and José in quick succession. “Stay strong, Ana,” José whispers in my ear. “He’s a fit and healthy man. The odds are in his favor.” “I hope so.” I hug him hard. Then, releasing him, I shrug off his jacket hand it back to him. “Keep it, if you’re still cold.” “No, I’m okay. Thanks.” Glancing nervously up at Christian, I see that he’s regarding us impassively. Christian takes my hand. “If there’s any change, I’ll let you know right away,” I say as José pushes his father’s wheelchair toward the door Sawyer is holding open. Mr. Rodriguez raises his hand, and they pause in the doorway. “He’ll be in my prayers, Ana.” His voice wavers. “It’s been so good to reconnect with him after all these years. He’s become a good friend.” “I know.” And with that they leave. Christian and I are alone. He caresses my cheek. “You’re pale. Come here.” He sits down on the chair and pulls me on to his lap, folding me into his arms again, and I go willingly. I snuggle up against him, feeling oppressed by my stepfather’s misfortune, but grateful that my husband is here to comfort me. He gently strokes my hair and holds my hand. “How was Charlie Tango?” I ask. He grins. “Oh, she was yar,” he says, quiet pride in his voice. It makes me smile properly for the first time in several hours, and I glance at him, puzzled. “Yar?” “It’s a line from The Philadelphia Story. Grace’s favorite film.” “I don’t know it.” “I think I have it on Blu-Ray at home. We can watch it and make out.” He kisses my hair and I smile once more. “Can I persuade you to eat something?” he asks. My smile disappears. “Not now. I want to see Ray first.” His shoulders slump, but he doesn’t push me. “How were the Taiwanese?” “Amenable,” he says. “Amenable how?” “They let my buy their shipyard for less than the price I was willing to pay.” He’s bought a shipyard? “That’s good?” “Yes. That’s good.” “But I thought you had a shipyard, over here.” “I do. We’re going to use that to do the fitting-out. Build the hulls in the Far East. It’s cheaper.” Oh. “What about the workforce at the shipyard here?” “We’ll redeploy. We should be able to keep redundancies to a minimum.” He kisses my hair. “Shall we check on Ray?” he asks, his voice soft. The ICU on the sixth floor is a stark, sterile, functional ward with whispered voices and bleeping machinery. Four patients are each housed in their own separate hi-tech area. Ray is at the far end. Daddy.
He looks so small in his large bed, surrounded by all this technology. It’s a shock. My dad has never been so diminished. There’s a tube in his mouth, and various lines pass through drips into a needle in each arm. A small clamp is attached to his finger. I wonder vaguely what that’s for. His leg is on top of the sheets, encased in a blue cast. A monitor displays his heart rate: beep, beep, beep. It’s beating strong and steady. This I know. I move slowly toward him. His chest is covered in a large, pristine bandage that disappears beneath the thin sheet that protects his modesty. Daddy. I realize that the tube pulling at the right corner of his mouth leads to a ventilator. Its noise is weaving with the beep, beep, beep of his heart monitor into a percussive rhythmic beat. Sucking, expelling, sucking, expelling, sucking, expelling in time with the beeps. There are four lines on the screen of his heart monitor, each moving steadily across, demonstrating clearly that Ray is still with us. Oh, Daddy. Even though his mouth is distorted by the ventilator tube, he looks peaceful, lying there fast asleep. A petite young nurse stands to one side, checking his monitors. “Can I touch him?” I ask her, tentatively reaching for his hand. “Yes.” She smiles kindly. Her badge says K ELLIE RN, and she must be in her twenties. She’s blonde with dark, dark eyes. Christian stands at the end of the bed, watching me carefully as I clasp Ray’s hand. It’s surprisingly warm, and that’s my undoing. I sink on to the chair by the bed, place my head gently against Ray’s arm, and start to sob. “Oh, Daddy. Please get better,” I whisper. “Please.” Christian puts his hand on my shoulder and gives it a reassuring squeeze. “All Mr. Steele’s vitals are good,” Nurse Kellie says quietly. “Thank you,” Christian murmurs. I glance up in time to see her gape. She’s finally gotten a good look at my husband. I don’t care. She can gape at Christian all she likes as long as she makes my father well again. “Can he hear me?” I ask. “He’s in a deep sleep. But who knows?” “Can I sit for a while?” “Sure thing.” She smiles at me, her cheeks pink from a telltale blush. Incongruously, I find myself thinking blond is not her true color. Christian gazes down at me, ignoring her. “I need to make a call. I’ll be outside. I’ll give you some alone time with your dad.”I nod. He kisses my hair and walks out of the room. I hold Ray’s hand, marveling at the irony that it’s only now when he’s unconscious and can’t hear me that I really want to tell him how much I love him. This man has been my constant. My rock. And I’ve never thought about it until now. I’m not flesh of his flesh, but he’s my dad, and I love him so very much. My tears trail down my cheeks. Please, please get better. Very quietly, so as not to disturb anyone, I tell him about our weekend in Aspen and about last weekend when we were soaring and sailing aboard The Grace. I tell him about our new house, our plans, about how we hope to make it ecologically sustainable. I promise to take him with us to Aspen so he can go fishing with Christian and assure him that Mr. Rodriguez and José will both be welcome, too. Please be here to do that, Daddy. Please. Ray remains immobile, the ventilator sucking and expelling and the monotonous but reassuring beep, beep, beep of his heart monitor his only response.
When I look up, Christian is sitting quietly at the end of the bed. I don’t know how long he’s been there. “Hi,” he says, his eyes glowing with compassion and concern. “Hi.” “So, I’m going fishing with your dad, Mr. Rodriguez, and José?” he asks. I nod. “Okay. Let’s go eat. Let him sleep.” I frown. I don’t want to leave him. “Ana, he’s in a coma. I’ve given our cell numbers to the nurses here. If there’s any change, they’ll call us. We’ll eat, check into a hotel, rest up, then come back this evening.” The suite at the Heathman looks just as I remember it. How often have I thought about that first night and morning I spent with Christian Grey? I stand in the entrance to the suite, paralyzed. Jeez, it all started here. “Home away from home,” says Christian, his voice soft, putting my briefcase down beside one of the overstuffed couches. “Do you want a shower? A bath? What do you need, Ana?” Christian gazes at me, and I know he’s rudderless—my lost boy dealing with events beyond his control. He’s been withdrawn and contemplative all afternoon. This is a situation he cannot manipulate and predict. This is real life in the raw, and he’s kept himself from that for so long, he’s exposed and helpless now. My sweet, sheltered Fifty Shades. “A bath. I’d like a bath.” I murmur, aware that keeping him busy will make him feel better, useful even. Oh, Christian—I’m numb and I’m cold and I’m scared, but I’m so glad you’re here with me. “Bath. Good. Yes.” He strides into the bedroom and out of sight into the palatial bathroom. A few moments later, the roar of water gushing to fill the tub echoes from the room. Finally, I galvanize myself to follow him into the bedroom. I’m dismayed to see several bags from Nordstrom on the bed. Christian reenters, sleeves rolled up, tie and jacket discarded. “I sent Taylor to get some things. Nightwear. You know,” he says, eyeing me warily. Of course he did. I nod my approval to make him feel better. Where is Taylor? “Oh, Ana,” Christian murmurs. “I’ve not seen you like this. You’re normally so brave and strong.” I don’t know what to say. I merely gaze wide-eyed at him. I have nothing to give right now. I think I’m in shock. I wrap my arms around myself, trying to keep the pervading cold at bay, even though I know it’s a fruitless task as this cold comes from within. Christian pulls me into his arms. “Baby, he’s alive. His vital signs are good. We just have to be patient,” he murmurs. “Come.” He takes my hand and leads me into the bathroom. Gently, he slips my jacket off my shoulders and places it on the bathroom chair, then turning back, he undoes the buttons on my shirt. The water is deliciously warm and fragrant, the smell of lotus blossom heavy in the warm, sultry air of the bathroom. I lie between Christian’s legs, my back to his front, my feet resting on top of his. We’re both quiet and introspective, and I’m finally feeling warm. Intermittently Christian kisses my hair as I absentmindedly pop the bubbles in the foam. His arm is wrapped around my shoulders. “You didn’t get into the bath with Leila, did you? That time you bathed her?” I ask. He stiffens and snorts, his hand tightening on my shoulder where it rests. “Um . . . no.” He sounds astounded. “I thought so. Good.”
He tugs gently at my hair knotted in a crude bun, tilting my head around so he can see my face. “Why do you ask?” I shrug. “Morbid curiosity. I don’t know . . . seeing her this week.” His face hardens. “I see. Less of the morbid.” His tone is reproachful. “How long are you going to support her? “Until she’s on her feet. I don’t know.” He shrugs. “Why?” “Are there others?” “Others?” “Exes who you support.” “There was one, yes. No longer though.” “Oh?” “She was studying to be a doctor. She’s qualified now and has someone else.” “Another Dominant?” “Yes.” “Leila says you have two of her paintings,” I whisper. “I used to. I didn’t really care for them. They had technical merit, but they were too colorful for me. I think Elliot has them. As we know, he has no taste.” I giggle, and he wraps his other arm around me, sloshing water over the side of the bath. “That’s better,” he whispers and kisses my temple. “He’s marrying my best friend.” “Then I’d better shut my mouth,” he says. I feel more relaxed after our bath. Wrapped in my soft Heathman robe, I gaze at the various bags on the bed. Jeez, this must be more than nightwear. Tentatively, I peek into one. A pair of jeans and a pale blue hooded sweatshirt, my size. Holy cow . . . Taylor’s bought a whole weekend’s worth of clothes, and he knows what I like. I smile, remembering this is not the first time he’s shopped for clothes for me when I was at the Heathman. “Apart from harassing me at Clayton’s, have you ever actually gone into a store and just bought stuff?” “Harassing you?” “Yes. Harassing me.” “You were flustered, if I recall. And that young boy was all over you. What was his name?” “Paul.” “One of your many admirers.” I roll my eyes, and he smiles a relieved, genuine smile and kisses me. “There’s my girl,” he whispers. “Get dressed. I don’t want you getting cold again.” “Ready,” I murmur. Christian is working on the Mac in the study area of the suite. He’s dressed in black jeans and a gray cable-knit sweater, and I’m wearing the jeans, the hoodie, and a white T-shirt. “You look so young,” Christian says softly, glancing up, his eyes glowing. “And to think you’ll be a whole year older tomorrow.” His voice is wistful. I give him a sad smile. “I don’t feel much like celebrating. Can we go see Ray now?” “Sure. I wish you’d eat something. You barely touched your food.” “Christian, please. I’m just not hungry. Maybe after we’ve seen Ray. I want to wish him goodnight.”
As we arrive at the ICU, we meet José leaving. He’s alone. “Ana, Christian, hi.” “Where’s your dad?” “He was too tired to come back. He was in a car accident this morning,” José grins ruefully. “And his painkillers have kicked in. He was out for the count. I had to fight to get in to see Ray since I’m not next of kin.” “And?” I ask anxiously. “He’s good, Ana. Same . . . but all good.” Relief floods my system. No news is good news. “See you tomorrow, birthday girl?” “Sure. We’ll be here.” José eyes Christian quickly then pulls me into a brief hug. “Mañana.” “Goodnight, José.” “Good-bye, José,” Christian says. José nods and walks down the corridor. “He’s still nuts about you,” Christian says quietly. “No he’s not. And even if he is . . .” I shrug because right now I just don’t care. Christian gives me a tight smile, and my heart melts. “Well done,” I murmur. He frowns. “For not frothing at the mouth.” He gapes at me, wounded—but amused, too. “I’ve never frothed. Let’s see your dad. I have a surprise for you.” “Surprise?” My eyes widen in alarm. “Come.” Christian takes my hand, and we push open the double doors of the ICU. Standing at the end of Ray’s bed is Grace, deep in discussion with Crowe and a second doctor, a woman I’ve not seen before. Seeing us, Grace grins. Oh, thank heavens. “Christian.” She kisses his cheek, then turns to me and folds me in her warm embrace. “Ana. How are you holding up?” “I’m fine. It’s my father I’m worried about.” “He’s in good hands. Doctor Sluder is an expert in her field. We trained together at Yale.” Oh . . . “Mrs. Grey,” Dr. Sluder greets me very formally. She’s short-haired and elfin with a shy smile and a soft southern accent. “As the lead physician for your father, I’m pleased to tell you that all is on track. His vital signs are stable and strong. We have every faith that he’ll make a complete recovery. The brain swelling has stopped, and shows signs of decreasing. This is very encouraging after such a short time.” “That’s good news,” I murmur. She smiles warmly at me. “It is, Mrs. Grey. We’re taking real good care of him.” “Great to see you again, Grace.” Grace smiles. “Likewise, Lorraina.” “Dr. Crowe, let’s leave these good people to visit with Mr. Steele.” Crowe follows in Dr. Sluder’s wake to the exit. I glance over at Ray, and for the first time since his accident, I feel more hopeful. Dr. Sluder and Grace’s kind words have rekindled my hope.
Grace takes my hand and squeezes gently. “Ana, sweetheart, sit with him. Talk to him. It’s all good. I’ll visit with Christian in the waiting room.” I nod. Christian smiles his reassurance, and he and his mother leave me with my beloved father sleeping peacefully to the gentle lullaby of his ventilator and heart monitor. I slip Christian’s white T-shirt on and get into bed. “You seem brighter,” Christian says cautiously as he pulls on his pajamas. “Yes. I think talking to Dr. Sluder and your mom made a big difference. Did you ask Grace to come here?” Christian slides into bed and pulls me into his arms, turning me to face away from him. “No. She wanted to come and check on your dad herself.” “How did she know?” “I called her this morning.” Oh. “Baby, you’re exhausted. You should sleep.” “Hmm,” I murmur in agreement. He’s right. I’m so tired. It’s been an emotional day. I crane my head around and gaze at him a beat. We’re not going to make love? And I’m relieved. In fact, he’s had a totally hands-off approach with me all day. I wonder if I should be alarmed by this turn of events, but since my inner goddess has left the building and taken my libido with her, I’ll think about it in the morning. I turn over and snuggle against Christian, wrapping my leg over his. “Promise me something,” he says softly. “Hmm?” It’s a question that I am too tired to articulate. “Promise me you’ll eat something tomorrow. I can just about tolerate you wearing another man’s jacket without frothing at the mouth, but, Ana . . . you must eat. Please.” “Hmm,” I acquiesce. He kisses my hair. “Thank you for being here,” I mumble and sleepily kiss his chest. “Where else would I be? I want to be wherever you are, Ana. Being here makes me think of how far we’ve come. And the night I first slept with you. What a night that was. I watched you for hours. You were just . . . yar,” he breathes. I smile against his chest. “Sleep,” he murmurs, and it’s a command. I close my eyes and drift.
I stir, opening my eyes to a bright September morning. Warm and comfortable between clean, crisp sheets, I take a moment to orientate myself and am overwhelmed by a sense of déja vu. Of course, I’m at the Heathman. “Shit! Daddy!” I gasp out loud, recalling with a gut-wrenching surge of apprehension that twists my heart and starts it pounding why I’m in Portland. “Hey.” Christian is sitting on the edge of the bed. He strokes my cheek with his knuckles, instantly calming me. “I called the ICU this morning. Ray had a good night. It’s all good,” he says reassuringly. “Oh, good. Thank you,” I mutter, sitting up. He leans in and presses his lips to my forehead. “Good morning, Ana,” he whispers and kisses my temple. “Hi,” I mutter. He’s up and dressed in a black T-shirt and blue jeans. “Hi,” he replies, his eyes soft and warm. “I want to wish you happy birthday. Is that okay?” I offer him a tentative smile and caress his cheek. “Yes, of course. Thank you. For everything.” His brow furrows. “Everything?” “Everything.” He looks momentarily confused, but it’s fleeting and his eyes widen with anticipation. “Here.” He hands me a small, exquisitely wrapped box with a tiny gift card. In spite of the worry I feel about my father, I sense Christian’s anxiety and excitement, and it’s infectious. I read the card. Oh my, how sweet is that? “I love you, too,” I murmur, smiling at him. He grins. “Open it.” Unwrapping the paper carefully so it doesn’t tear, I find a beautiful red leather box. Cartier. It’s familiar, thanks to my second-chance earrings and my watch. Cautiously, I open the box to discover a
delicate charm bracelet of silver, or platinum or white gold—I don’t know, but it’s absolutely enchanting. Attached to it are several charms: the Eiffel Tower, a London black cab, a helicopter — Charlie Tango, a glider—the soaring, a catamaran—The Grace, a bed, and an ice cream cone? I look up at him, bemused. “Vanilla?” He shrugs apologetically, and I can’t help but laugh. Of course. “Christian, this is beautiful. Thank you. It’s yar.” He grins. My favorite is the heart. It’s a locket. “You can put a picture or whatever in that.” “A picture of you.” I glance at him through my lashes. “Always in my heart.” He smiles his lovely, heartbreakingly shy smile. I fondle the last two charms: a letter C—oh yes, I was his first girlfriend to use his first name. I smile at the thought. And finally, there’s a key. “To my heart and soul,” he whispers. Tears prick my eyes. I launch myself at him, curling my arms around his neck and settling into his lap. “It’s such a thoughtful present. I love it. Thank you,” I murmur against his ear. Oh, he smells so good—clean, of fresh linen, body wash, and Christian. Like home, my home. My threatened tears begin to fall. He groans softly and enfolds me in his embrace. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” My voice cracks as I try to hold back the overwhelming swell of emotion. He swallows hard and tightens his hold on me. “Please don’t cry.” I sniff in a rather unladylike way. “I’m sorry. I’m just so happy and sad and anxious at the same time. It’s bittersweet.” “Hey.” His voice is feather soft. Tipping my head back, he plants a gentle kiss on my lips. “I understand.” “I know,” I whisper, and I’m rewarded with his shy smile again. “I wish we were in happier circumstances and at home. But we’re here.” He shrugs apologetically once more. “Come, up you go. After breakfast, we’ll check on Ray.” Once dressed in my new jeans and T-shirt, my appetite makes a brief but welcome return during breakfast in our suite. I know Christian is pleased to see me eating my granola and Greek yogurt. “Thank you for ordering my favorite breakfast.” “It’s your birthday,” Christian says softly. “And you have to stop thanking me.” He rolls his eyes in exasperation, but fondly, I think. “I just want you to know that I appreciate it.” “Anastasia, it’s what I do.” His expression is serious—of course, Christian in command and control. How could I forget . . . Would I want him any other way? I smile. “Yes, it is.” He gives me a puzzled look then shakes his head. “Shall we go?” “I’ll just brush my teeth.” He smirks. “Okay.” Why is he smirking? The thought nags me as I head into the en suite. A memory springs unbidden to my mind. I used his toothbrush after I first spent the night with him. I smirk and grab his toothbrush in homage to that first time. Gazing at myself as I brush my teeth, I’m pale, too pale. But then I’m always
pale. The last time I was here I was single, and now I’m married at twenty-two! I’m getting old. I rinse out my mouth. Holding up my wrist, I shake it, and the charms on my bracelet give a satisfying rattle. How does my sweet Fifty always know exactly the right thing to give me? I take a deep breath, attempting to stem the emotion still lurking in my system, and gaze down at the bracelet once more. I bet it cost a fortune. Ah . . . well. He can afford it. As we walk to the elevators, Christian takes my hand and kisses my knuckles, his thumb brushing over Charlie Tango on my bracelet. “You like?” “More than like. I love it. Very much. Like you.” He smiles and kisses my knuckles once more. I feel lighter than I did yesterday. Perhaps because it’s morning and the world always seems a more hopeful place than it does in the dead of night. Or maybe it’s my husband’s sweet wake-up. Or maybe it’s knowing that Ray is no worse. As we step into the empty elevator, I glance up at Christian. His eyes flicker quickly down to mine, and he smirks again. “Don’t,” he whispers as the doors shut. “Don’t what?” “Look at me like that.” “Fuck the paperwork,” I mutter, grinning. He laughs, and it’s such a carefree, boyish sound. He tugs me into his arms and tilts my head up. “Someday, I’ll rent this elevator for a whole afternoon.” “Just the afternoon?” I arch my brow. “Mrs. Grey, you are greedy.” “When it comes to you, I am.” “I’m very glad to hear it.” He kisses me gently. And I don’t know if it’s because we are in this elevator or because he’s not touched me in over twenty-four hours or if he’s just my intoxicating husband, but desire unwinds and stretches lazily deep in my belly. I run my fingers into his hair and deepen the kiss, pushing him against the wall and bringing my body flush against his. He groans into my mouth and cups my head, cradling me as we kiss—really kiss, our tongues exploring the oh-so-familiar but still oh-so-new, oh-so-exciting territory that is the other’s mouth. My inner goddess swoons, bringing my libido back from purdah. I caress his dear, dear face in my hands. “Ana,” he breathes. “I love you, Christian Grey. Don’t forget that,” I whisper as I gaze into darkening gray eyes. The elevator comes smoothly to a halt and the doors open. “Let’s go and see your father before I decide to rent this today.” He kisses me quickly, takes my hand, and leads me into the lobby. As we walk past the concierge, Christian gives a discreet signal to the kindly middle-aged man standing behind the desk. He nods and picks up his phone. I glance questioningly at Christian, and he gives me his secret smile. I frown at him, and for a moment he looks nervous. “Where’s Taylor?” I ask. “We’ll see him shortly.” Of course, he’s probably fetching the car. “Sawyer?” “Running errands.” What errands? Christian avoids the revolving door, and I know it’s so he doesn’t have to release my hand. The
thought warms me. Outside it’s a mild late-summer morning, but the scent of the coming fall is in the breeze. I glance around, looking for the Audi SUV and Taylor. No sign. Christian’s hand tightens around mine, and I look up at him. He seems anxious. “What is it?” He shrugs. The hum of an approaching car engine distracts me. It’s throaty . . . familiar. As I turn to find the source of the noise, it stops suddenly. Taylor is climbing out of a sleek white sports car parked in front of us. Oh shit! It’s an R8. I whip my head back to Christian, who’s watching me warily. “You can buy me one for my birthday . . . a white one, I think.” “Happy birthday,” he says, and I know he’s gauging my reaction. I gape at him because that’s all I can do. He holds out a key. “You are completely over the top,” I whisper. He’s bought me a fucking Audi R8! Holy shit. Just like I asked! My face splits in a huge grin, and my inner goddess does a backflip off the high dive. I jump up and down on the spot in a moment of unguarded and unbridled overexcitement. Christian’s expression mirrors mine, and I dance forward into his waiting arms. He swings me around. “You have more money than sense!” I whoop. “I love it! Thank you.” He stops and dips me low suddenly, startling me, so that I have to grasp his upper arms. “Anything for you, Mrs. Grey.” He grins down at me. Oh my. What a very public display of affection. He bends and kisses me. “Come. Let’s go see your dad.” “Yes. And I get to drive?” He grins down at me. “Of course. It’s yours.” He stands me up and releases me, and I hurry around to the driver’s door. Taylor opens it for me, smiling broadly. “Happy birthday, Mrs. Grey.” “Thank you, Taylor.” I startle him by giving him a swift hug, which he returns awkwardly. He’s still blushing when I climb into the car, and he closes the door promptly once I’m inside. “Drive safe, Mrs. Grey,” he says gruffly. I beam up at him, barely able to contain my excitement. “Will do.” I promise, putting the key in the ignition as Christian stretches out beside me. “Take it easy. Nobody chasing us now,” he warns. When I turn the key, the engine thunders to life. I check the rearview and side mirrors, and spotting a rare moment of clear traffic, execute a huge perfect U-turn and roar off in the direction of OSHU. “Whoa!” Christian exclaims, alarmed. “What?” “I don’t want you in the ICU beside your father. Slow down,” he growls, not to be argued with. I ease off the accelerator and grin at him. “Better?” “Much,” he mutters, trying hard to look stern—and failing miserably. Ray’s condition is the same. Seeing him grounds me after the heady road trip here. I really should drive more carefully. You can’t legislate for every drunk driver in this world. I must ask Christian what’s become of the asshole who hit Ray—I’m sure he knows. In spite of the tubes, my father looks comfortable, and I think he has a little more color in his cheeks. While I tell him about my morning, Christian wanders off to the waiting room to make phone calls. Nurse Kellie hovers, checking Ray’s lines and making notes on his chart. “All his signs are good, Mrs. Grey.” She smiles kindly at me. “That’s very encouraging.”
A little later Dr. Crowe appears with two nursing assistants and says warmly, “Mrs. Grey, time to take your father up to radiology. We’re giving him a CT scan. To see how his brain is doing.” “Will you be long?” “Up to an hour.” “I’ll wait. I’d like to know.” “Sure thing, Mrs. Grey.” I wander into the thankfully empty waiting room where Christian is talking on the phone, pacing. As he speaks, he gazes out of the window at the panoramic view of Portland. He turns to me when I shut the door, and he looks angry. “How far above the limit? . . . I see . . . All charges, everything. Ana’s father is in the ICU—I want you to throw the fucking book at him, Dad . . . Good. Keep me informed.” He hangs up. “The other driver?” He nods. “Some drunken trailer trash from Southeast Portland.” He sneers, and I’m shocked by his terminology and his derisory tone. He walks over to me, and his tone softens. “Finished with Ray? Do you want to go?” “Um . . . no.” I peer up at him, still reeling at his display of contempt. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing. Ray’s being taken to radiology for a CT scan to check the swelling in his brain. I’d like to wait for the results.” “Okay. We’ll wait.” He sits down and holds out his arms. As we’re alone, I go willingly and curl up in his lap. “This is not how I envisaged spending today,” Christian murmurs into my hair. “Me neither, but I’m feeling more positive now. Your mom was very reassuring. It was kind of her to come last night.” Christian strokes my back and rests his chin on my head. “My mom is an amazing woman.” “She is. You’re very lucky to have her.” Christian nods. “I should call my mom. Tell her about Ray,” I murmur and Christian stiffens. “I’m surprised she hasn’t called me.” I frown in a moment of realization. In fact, I feel hurt. It’s my birthday after all, and she was there when I was born. Why hasn’t she called? “Maybe she did,” Christian says. I fish my BlackBerry out of my pocket. It shows no missed calls, but quite a few texts: happy birthdays from Kate, José, Mia, and Ethan. Nothing from my mother. I shake my head despondently. “Call her now,” he says softly. I do, but there’s no reply, just the answering machine. I don’t leave a message. How can my own mother forget my birthday? “She’s not there. I’ll call later when I know the results of the brain scan.” Christian tightens his arms around me, nuzzling my hair once more, and wisely makes no comment on my mother’s lack of maternal concern. I feel rather than hear the buzz of his BlackBerry. He doesn’t let me stand up but fishes it awkwardly out of his pocket. “Andrea,” he snaps, businesslike again. I make another move to stand and he stops me, frowning and holding me tightly around my waist. I nestle back against his chest and listen to the one-sided conversation. “Good . . . ETA is what time? . . . And the other, um . . . packages?” Christian glances at his watch. “Does the Heathman have all the details? . . . Good . . . Yes. It can hold until Monday morning, but email it just in case—I’ll print, sign, and scan it back to you . . . They can wait. Go home, Andrea . . .
No, we’re good, thank you.” He hangs up. “Everything okay?” “Yes.” “Is this your Taiwan thing?” “Yes.” He shifts beneath me. “Am I too heavy?” He snorts. “No, baby.” “Are you worried about the Taiwan thing?” “No.” “I thought it was important.” “It is. The shipyard here depends on it. There are lots of jobs at stake.” Oh! “We just have to sell it to the unions. That’s Sam and Ros’s job. But the way the economy’s heading, none of us have a lot of choice.” I yawn. “Am I boring you, Mrs. Grey?” He nuzzles my hair again, amused. “No! Never . . . I’m just very comfortable on your lap. I like hearing about your business.” “You do?” He sounds surprised. “Of course.” I lean back to gaze directly at him. “I like hearing any bit of information you deign to share with me.” I smirk, and he regards me with amusement and shakes his head. “Always hungry for more information, Mrs. Grey.” “Tell me.” I urge him as I snuggle up against his chest again. “Tell you what?” “Why you do it.” “Do what?” “Work the way you do.” “A guy’s got to earn a living.” He’s amused. “Christian, you earn more than a living.” My voice is full of irony. He frowns and is quiet for a moment. I think he’s not going to divulge any secrets, but he surprises me. “I don’t want to be poor,” he says, his voice low. “I’ve done that. I’m not going back there again. Besides . . . it’s a game,” he murmurs. “It’s about winning. A game I’ve always found very easy.” “Unlike life,” I murmur to myself. Then I realize I said the words out loud. “Yes, I suppose.” He frowns. “Though it’s easier with you.” Easier with me? I hug him tightly. “It can’t all be a game. You’re very philanthropic.” He shrugs, and I know he’s growing uncomfortable. “About some things, maybe,” he says quietly. “I love philanthropic Christian,” I murmur. “Just him?” “Oh, I love megalomaniac Christian, too, and control-freak Christian, sexpertise Christian, kinky Christian, romantic Christian, shy Christian . . . the list is endless.” “That’s a whole lot of Christians.” “I’d say at least fifty.” He laughs. “Fifty Shades,” he murmurs into my hair. “My Fifty Shades.” He shifts, tipping my head back, and kisses me. “Well, Mrs. Shades, let’s see how your dad is doing.”
“Okay.” “Can we go for a drive?” Christian and I are back in the R8, and I’m feeling giddily buoyant. Ray’s brain is back to normal— all swelling gone. Dr. Sluder has decided to wake him from his coma tomorrow. She says she’s pleased with his progress. “Sure.” Christian grins at me. “It’s your birthday—we can do anything you want.” Oh! His tone makes me turn and gaze at him. His eyes are dark. “Anything?” “Anything.” How much promise can he load into one word? “Well, I want to drive.” “Then drive, baby.” He grins, and I grin back. My car handles like a dream, and as we hit the I-5, I subtly put my foot down, forcing us both back in our seats. “Steady, baby,” Christian warns. As we drive back into Portland, an idea occurs to me. “Have you planned lunch?” I ask Christian tentatively. “No. You’re hungry?” He sounds hopeful. “Yes.” “Where do you want to go? It’s your day, Ana.” “I know just the place.” I pull up near the gallery where José exhibited his work and park right outside the Le Picotin restaurant where we went after José’s show. Christian grins. “For one minute I thought you were going to take me to that dreadful bar you drunk dialed me from.” “Why would I do that?” “To check the azaleas are still alive.” He arches a sardonic brow. I blush. “Don’t remind me! Besides . . . you still took me to your hotel room.” I smirk. “Best decision I ever made,” he says, his eyes soft and warm. “Yes. It was.” I lean over and kiss him. “Do you think that supercilious fucker is still waiting tables?” Christian asks. “Supercilious? I thought he was fine.” “He was trying to impress you.” “Well, he succeeded.” Christian’s mouth twists in amused disgust. “Shall we go see?” I offer. “Lead on, Mrs. Grey.” After lunch and a quick detour to the Heathman to pick up Christian’s laptop, we return to the hospital. I spend the afternoon with Ray, reading aloud from one of the manuscripts I’ve been sent. My only accompaniment is the sound of the machinery keeping him alive, keeping him with me. Now that I know he’s making progress, I can breathe a little easier and relax. I’m hopeful. He just needs time to get well. I’ve got time—I can give him that. I wonder idly if I should try calling Mom again, but decide to do it later. I hold Ray’s hand loosely as I read to him, squeezing it occasionally, willing
him to be well. His fingers feel soft and warm beneath my touch. He still has the indentation on his finger where he wore his wedding ring—even after all this time. An hour or two later, I don’t know how long, I glance up to see Christian, laptop in hand, standing at the end of Ray’s bed with Nurse Kellie. “It’s time to go, Ana.” Oh. I clasp Ray’s hand tightly. I don’t want to leave him. “I want to feed you. Come. It’s late.” Christian sounds insistent. “I’m about to give Mr. Steele a sponge bath,” Nurse Kellie says. “Okay.” I concede. “We’ll be back tomorrow morning.” I kiss Ray on his cheek, feeling his unfamiliar stubble beneath my lips. I don’t like it. Keep getting better, Daddy. I love you. “I thought we’d dine downstairs. In a private room,” Christian says, a gleam in his eye as he opens the door to our suite. “Really? Finish what you started a few months ago?” He smirks. “If you’re very lucky, Mrs. Grey.” I laugh. “Christian, I don’t have anything dressy to wear.” He smiles, holds out his hand, and leads me into the bedroom. He opens the wardrobe to reveal a large white dress bag hanging inside. “Taylor?” I ask. “Christian,” he replies, forceful and wounded at once. His tone makes me laugh. Unzipping the bag, I find a navy satin dress and ease it out. It’s gorgeous—fitted with thin straps. It looks small. “It’s lovely. Thank you. I hope it fits.” “It will,” he says confidently. “And here”—he picks up a shoebox—“shoes to match.” He gives me a wolfish smile. “You think of everything. Thank you.” I stretch up and kiss him. “I do.” He hands me yet another bag. I gaze at him quizzically. Inside is a black strapless bodysuit with a central panel of lace. He caresses my face, tilts my chin, and kisses me. “I look forward to taking this off you later.” Fresh out of my bath, washed, shaved and feeling pampered, I sit on the edge of the bed and start up the hair dryer. Christian wanders into the bedroom. I think he’s been working. “Here, let me,” he says, pointing to the chair in front of the dressing table. “Dry my hair?” He nods. I blink at him. “Come,” he says, regarding me intently. I know that expression, and I know better than to disobey. Slowly and methodically he dries my hair, one lock at a time. He’s obviously done this before . . . often. “You’re no stranger to this,” I murmur. His smile is reflected in the mirror, but he says nothing and continues to brush through my hair. Hmm . . . it’s very relaxing. When we step into the elevator on our way to dinner, we are not alone. Christian looks delicious in his signature white linen shirt, black jeans and jacket. No tie. The two women inside shoot admiring glances at him and less generous ones at me. I hide my smile. Yes, ladies, he’s mine. Christian takes my hand and pulls me close as we travel in silence down to the mezzanine level. It’s busy, full of people dressed up for the evening, sitting around chatting and drinking, starting
their Saturday night. I am grateful that I fit in. The dress hugs me, skimming over my curves and holding everything in place. I have to say, I feel . . . attractive wearing it. I know Christian approves. At first, I think we’re heading for the private dining room where we first discussed the contract, but he leads me past that doorway and on to the far end where he opens the door to another wood paneled room. “Surprise!” Oh, my. Kate and Elliot, Mia and Ethan, Carrick and Grace, Mr. Rodriguez and José, and my mother and Bob are all there raising their glasses. I stand gaping at them, speechless. How? When? I turn in consternation to Christian, and he squeezes my hand. My mom steps forward and wraps her arms around me. Oh, Mom! “Darling, you look beautiful. Happy birthday.” “Mom!” I sob, embracing her. Oh Mommy. Tears stream down my face despite the audience, and I bury my face in her neck. “Honey, darling. Don’t cry. Ray will be okay. He’s such a strong man. Don’t cry. Not on your birthday.” Her voice cracks, but she maintains her composure. She grasps my face in her hands and with her thumbs wipes away my tears. “I thought you’d forgotten.” “Oh, Ana! How could I? Seventeen hours of labor is not something you easily forget.” I giggle through my tears, and she smiles. “Dry your eyes, honey. Lots of people are here to share your special day.” I sniffle, not wanting to look at anyone else in the room, embarrassed and thrilled that everyone has made such an effort to come and see me. “How did you get here? When did you arrive?” “Your husband sent his plane, darling.” She grins, impressed. And I laugh. “Thank you for coming, Mom.” She wipes my nose with a tissue as only a mother would. “Mom!” I scold, composing myself. “That’s better. Happy birthday, darling.” She steps aside while everyone lines up to hug me and wish me happy birthday. “He’s doing well, Ana. Dr. Sluder is the one of the best in the country. Happy birthday, Angel.” Grace hugs me. “You cry all you want to, Ana—it’s your party.” José embraces me. “Happy birthday, darling girl.” Carrick smiles, cupping my face. “S’up babe? Your old man will be fine.” Elliot enfolds me in his arms. “Happy birthday.” “Okay.” Taking my hand, Christian pulls me from Elliot’s embrace. “Enough fondling my wife. Go fondle your fiancée.” Elliot grins wickedly at him and winks at Kate. A waiter I hadn’t noticed before presents Christian and me with glasses of pink champagne. Christian clears his throat. “This would be a perfect day if Ray were here with us, but he’s not far away. He’s doing well, and I know he’d like you to enjoy yourself, Ana. To all of you, thank you for coming to share my beautiful wife’s birthday, the first of many to come. Happy birthday, my love.” Christian raises his glass to me amid a chorus of happy birthdays, and I have to fight again to keep my tears at bay. I watch the animated conversations around the dinner table. It’s strange to be cocooned in the bosom of my family, knowing the man I consider my father is on a life support machine in the cold clinical
environs of the ICU. I’m detached from the proceedings but grateful that they’re all here. Watching the sparring between Elliot and Christian, José’s ready warm wit, Mia’s excitement and her enthusiasm for the food, Ethan slyly watching her. I think he likes her . . . though it’s hard to tell. Mr. Rodriguez is sitting back, like me, enjoying the conversations. He looks better. Rested. José is very attentive to him, cutting his food, keeping his glass filled. Having his surviving parent come so close to death has made José appreciate Mr. Rodriguez more . . . I know. I gaze at Mom. She’s in her element, charming, witty, and warm. I love her so much. I must remember to tell her. Life is so precious, I realize that now. “You okay?” Kate asks in an uncharacteristically gentle voice. I nod and clasp her hand. “Yes. Thanks for coming.” “You think Mr. Megabucks could keep me away from you on your birthday? We got to fly in the helicopter!” She grins. “Really?” “Yes. All of us. And to think Christian can fly it.” I nod. “That’s kinda hot.” “Yeah, I think so.” We grin. “Are you staying here tonight?” I ask. “Yes. We all are, I think. You knew nothing about this?” I shake my head. “Smooth, isn’t he?” I nod. “What did he get you for your birthday?” “This.” I hold up my bracelet. “Oh, cute!” “Yes.” “London, Paris . . . ice cream?” “You don’t want to know.” “I can guess.” We laugh, and I blush, recalling Ben & Jerry’s & Ana. “Oh . . . and an R8.” Kate spits her wine rather unattractively down her chin, making us both laugh some more. “Over the top bastard, isn’t he?” She giggles. For dessert I am presented with a sumptuous chocolate cake blazing with twenty-two silver candles and a rousing chorus of “Happy Birthday.” Grace watches Christian singing with the rest of my friends and family, and her eyes shine with love. Catching my eye, she blows me a kiss. “Make a wish,” Christian whispers to me. In one breath I blow out all the candles, fervently willing my father better. Daddy, get well. Please get well. I love you so. At midnight, Mr. Rodriguez and José take their leave. “Thank you so much for coming.” I hug José tightly. “Wouldn’t miss it for the world. Glad Ray’s heading in the right direction.” “Yes. You, Mr. Rodriguez, and Ray have to come fishing with Christian in Aspen.”
“Yeah? Sounds cool.” José grins before he leaves to fetch his father’s coat, and I crouch down to say good-bye to Mr. Rodriguez. “You know Ana, there was a time . . . well, I thought you and José . . .” His voice fades, and he gazes at me, his dark gaze intense but loving. Oh no. “I’m very fond of your son, Mr. Rodriguez, but he’s like a brother to me.” “You would have made one fine daughter-in-law. And you do. To the Greys.” He smiles wistfully and I blush. “I hope you’ll settle for friend.” “Of course. Your husband is a fine man. You chose well, Ana.” “I think so,” I whisper. “I love him so.” I hug Mr. Rodriguez. “Treat him good, Ana.” “I will,” I promise. Christian closes the door to our suite. “Alone at last,” he murmurs, leaning back against the door, watching me. I step toward him and run my fingers over the lapels of his jacket. “Thank you for a wonderful birthday. You really are the most thoughtful, considerate, generous husband.” “My pleasure.” “Yes . . . your pleasure. Let’s do something about that,” I whisper. Tightening my hands around his lapels, I pull his lips to mine. After a communal breakfast, I open all my presents then give a series of cheery good-byes to all the Greys and the Kavanaghs who will be returning to Seattle via Charlie Tango. My mom, Christian, and I head up to the hospital with Taylor driving since the three of us would not fit into my R8. Bob has declined to visit, and I’m secretly glad. It’d be just too weird, and I’m sure Ray wouldn’t appreciate Bob seeing him at anything less than his best. Ray looks much the same. Hairier. Mom is shocked when she sees him, and together we cry a little more. “Oh, Ray.” She squeezes his hand and gently strokes his face, and I’m moved to see her love for her ex-husband. I’m glad I have tissues in my purse. We sit beside him, me holding her hand while she holds his. “Ana, there was a time when this man was the center of my world. The sun rose and set with him. I’ll always love him. He’s taken such good care of you.” “Mom—” I choke and she strokes my face and tucks a lock of my hair behind my ear. “You know I’ll always love Ray. We just drifted apart.” She sighs. “And I just couldn’t live with him.” She gazes down at her fingers, and I wonder if she’s thinking about Steve, Husband Number Three, who we don’t talk about. “I know you love Ray,” I whisper, drying my eyes. “They’re going to bring him out of his coma today.” “Good. I’m sure he’ll be fine. He’s so stubborn. I think you learned it from him.” I smile. “Have you been talking to Christian?”
“Does he think you’re stubborn?” “I believe so.” “I’ll tell him it’s a family trait. You look so good together, Ana. So happy.” “We are, I think. Getting there, anyway. I love him. He’s the center of my world. The sun rises and sets with him for me, too.” “He obviously adores you, darling.” “And I adore him.” “Make sure you tell him. Men need to hear that stuff just like we do.” I insist on going to the airport with Mom and Bob to say good-bye. Taylor follows in the R8, and Christian drives the SUV I’m sorry they can’t stay longer, but they have to get back to Savannah. It’s . a tearful good-bye. “Take good care of her, Bob,” I whisper as he hugs me. “Sure will, Ana. And you look after yourself.” “Will do.” I turn to my mother. “Good-bye, Mom. Thank you for coming,” I whisper, my voice hoarse. “I love you so much.” “Oh my darling girl, I love you, too. And Ray will be fine. He’s not ready to shuffle off his mortal coil just yet. There’s probably a Mariners game he can’t miss.” I giggle. She’s right. I resolve to read the sports pages of the Sunday newspaper to Ray that evening. I watch her and Bob climb the steps into the GEH jet. She gives me a tearful wave, then she’s gone. Christian wraps his arm around my shoulder. “Let’s head back, baby,” he murmurs “Will you drive?” “Sure.” When we return to the hospital that evening, Ray looks different. It takes me a moment to realize that the suck and push of the ventilator has vanished. Ray is breathing on his own. Relief floods through me. I stroke his stubbly face, and taking out a tissue to gently wipe, the spittle from his mouth. Christian stalks off to find Dr. Sluder or Dr. Crowe for an update, while I take my familiar seat beside his bed to keep a watchful vigil. I unfold the sports section of the Sunday Oregonian and conscientiously begin reading out the report about the Sounders soccer game against Real Salt Lake. By all accounts, it was a wild game, but the Sounders were defeated by an own goal from Kasey Keller. I grip Ray’s hand firmly in mine as I read it through. “And the final score, Sounders 1, Real Salt Lake 2.” “Hey, Annie, we lost? No!” Ray rasps, and he squeezes my hand. Daddy!
Tears stream down my face. He’s back. My daddy is back. “Don’t cry, Annie.” Ray’s voice is hoarse. “What’s happening?” I take up his hand in both of mine and cradle it against my face. “You’ve been in an accident. You’re in the hospital in Portland.” Ray frowns, and I don’t know if it’s because he’s uncomfortable with my uncharacteristic display of affection, or that he can’t remember the accident. “Do you want some water?” I ask, though I’m not sure if I’m allowed to give him any. He nods, bewildered. My heart swells. I stand up and lean over him, kissing his forehead. “I love you, Daddy. Welcome back.” He waves his hand, embarrassed. “Me, too, Annie. Water.” I run the short distance to the nurses’ station. “My dad—he’s awake!” I beam at Nurse Kellie, who smiles back. “Page Dr. Sluder,” she says to her colleague and hurriedly makes her way around the desk. “He wants water.” “I’ll bring him some.” I skip back to my father’s bed, I feel so light-hearted. His eyes are closed when I reach him, and I immediately worry that he’s slipped back into a coma. “Daddy?” “I’m here,” he mutters and his eyes flutter open as Nurse Kellie appears with a jug of ice chips and a glass. “Hello, Mr. Steele. I’m Kellie, your nurse. Your daughter tells me you’re thirsty.” In the waiting room, Christian is staring fixedly at his laptop, deep in concentration. He glances up when I close the door. “He’s awake,” I announce. He smiles, and the tension around his eyes vanishes. Oh . . . I hadn’t noticed before. Has he been tense all this time? He sets his laptop aside, stands, and embraces me. “How is he?” he asks as I wrap my arms around him. “Talking, thirsty, bewildered. He doesn’t remember the accident at all.” “That’s understandable. Now that he’s awake, I want to get him moved to Seattle. Then we can go home, and my mom can keep an eye on him.”
Already? “I’m not sure he’s well enough to be moved.” “I’ll talk to Dr. Sluder. Get her opinion.” “You miss home?” “Yes.” “Okay.” “You haven’t stopped smiling,” Christian says as I pull up outside the Heathman. “I’m very relieved. And happy.” Christian grins. “Good.” The light is fading, and I shiver as I step out into the cool, crisp evening and hand my key to the parking valet. He’s eyeing my car with lust, and I don’t blame him. Christian puts his arm around me. “Shall we celebrate?” he asks as we enter the foyer. “Celebrate?” “Your dad.” I giggle. “Oh, him.” “I’ve missed that sound.” Christian kisses my hair. “Can we just eat in our room? You know, have a quiet night in?” “Sure. Come.” Taking my hand, he leads me to the elevators. “That was delicious,” I murmur with satisfaction as I push my plate away, replete for the first time in ages. “They sure know how to make a fine tarte Tatin here.” I am freshly bathed and wearing only Christian’s T-shirt and my panties. In the background, Christian’s iPod is on shuffle and Dido is warbling on about white flags. Christian eyes me speculatively. His hair is still damp from our bath, and he’s wearing just his black T-shirt and jeans. “That’s the most I’ve seen you eat the entire time we’ve been here,” he says. “I was hungry.” He leans back in his chair with a self-satisfied smirk and takes a sip of his white wine. “What would you like to do now?” His voice is soft. “What do you want to do?” He raises an eyebrow, amused. “What I always want to do.” “And that is?” “Mrs. Grey, don’t be coy.” Reaching across the dining table, I grasp his hand, turn it over, and skim my index finger over his palm. “I’d like you to touch me with this.” I run my finger up his index finger. He shifts in his chair. “Just that?” His eyes darken and heat at once. “Maybe this?” I run my finger up his middle finger and back to his palm. “And this.” My nail traces his ring finger. “Definitely this.” My finger stops at his wedding ring. “This is very sexy.” “Is it, now?” “It sure is. It says this man is mine.” And I skim the small callous that has already formed on his palm beneath the ring. He leans forward and cups my chin with his other hand. “Mrs. Grey, are you seducing me?” “I hope so.” “Anastasia, I’m a given.” His voice is low. “Come here.” He tugs my hand, pulling me onto his lap. “I like having unfettered access to you.” He runs a hand up my thigh to my behind. He grasps the nape
of my neck with his other hand and kisses me, holding me firmly in place. He tastes of white wine and apple pie and Christian. I run my fingers through his hair, holding him to me while our tongues explore and curl and twist around each other, my blood heating in my veins. We’re breathless when Christian pulls away. “Let’s go to bed,” he murmurs against my lips. “Bed?” He pulls back further and tugs my hair so I am looking up at him. “Where would you prefer, Mrs. Grey?” My inner goddess stops stuffing her face with tarte Tatin. I shrug, feigning indifference. “Surprise me.” He smirks. “You’re feisty this evening.” He runs his nose along mine. “Maybe I need to be restrained.” “Maybe you do. You’re getting mighty bossy in your old age.” He narrows his eyes, but can’t disguise the latent humor there. “What are you going to do about it?” I challenge. His eyes glitter. “I know what I’d like to do about it. Depends if you’re up to it.” “Oh, Mr. Grey, you’ve been very gentle with me these last couple of days. I’m not made of glass, you know.” “You don’t like gentle?” “With you, of course. But you know . . . variety is the spice of life.” I bat my lashes at him. “You’re after something less gentle?” “Something life-affirming.” He raises his brows in surprise. “Life-affirming,” he repeats, astonished humor in his voice. I nod. He gazes at me for a moment. “Don’t bite your lip,” he whispers then rises suddenly with me in his arms. I gasp and grab his biceps, fearful that he’ll drop me. He walks over to the smallest of the three couches and deposits me on to it. “Wait here. Don’t move.” He gives me a brief hot, intense look and turns on his heel, stalking toward the bedroom. Oh . . . Christian barefoot. Why are his feet so hot? He’s back a few moments later, taking me by surprise as he leans over me from behind. “I think we’ll dispense with this.” He grabs my T-shirt and drags it over my head, leaving me naked except for my panties. He pulls my ponytail back and kisses me. “Stand up,” he orders against my lips and releases me. I comply immediately. He lays a towel out on the sofa. Towel? “Take your panties off.” I swallow but do as I’m told, discarding them by the sofa. “Sit.” He grabs my ponytail again and pulls my head back. “You’ll tell me to stop if this gets too much, yes?” I nod. “Say it.” His voice is stern. “Yes,” I squeak. He smirks. “Good. So, Mrs. Grey . . . by popular demand, I’m going to restrain you.” His voice drops to a breathless whisper. Desire streaks through my body like lightning simply at those words. Oh, my sweet Fifty—on the sofa? “Bring your knees up,” he commands softly. “And sit right back.”
I rest my feet on the edge of the sofa, my knees up in front of me. He reaches for my left leg, and taking the belt from one of the bathroom robes, he ties one end above my knee. “Bathrobes?” “I’m improvising.” He smirks again and fastens the slipknot above my knee and ties the other end of the soft belt around the finial at the back corner of the sofa, effectively parting my legs. “Don’t move,” he warns and repeats the process with my right leg, tying the second cord to the other finial. Oh my . . . I am sitting up, splayed out on the sofa, legs spread wide. “Okay?” Christian asks softly, gazing down at me from behind the sofa. I nod, expecting him to tie my hands, too. But he refrains. He bends and kisses me. “You have no idea how hot you look right now,” he murmurs and rubs his nose against mine. “Change of music, I think.” He stands and strolls casually over to the iPod dock. How does he do this? Here I am, trussed up and horny as hell, while he’s so cool and calm. He’s just in my field of vision, and I watch the flex and pull of the muscles of his back under his T-shirt as he changes the song. Immediately, a sweet, almost childlike female voice starts to sing about watching me. Oh, I like this song. Christian turns and his eyes lock on mine as he moves around to the front of the sofa and sinks gracefully to his knees in front of me. Suddenly, I feel very exposed. “Exposed? Vulnerable?” he asks with his uncanny ability to voice my unspoken words. His hands are on his knees. I nod. Why doesn’t he touch me? “Good,” he murmurs. “Hold out your hands.” I can’t look away from his mesmerizing eyes as I do what he asks. Christian pours a little oily liquid onto each palm from a small clear bottle. It’s scented —a rich, musky, sensuous scent that I can’t place. “Rub your hands.” I squirm beneath his hot, heavy gaze. “Keep still,” he warns. Oh my. “Now, Anastasia, I want you to touch yourself.” Holy cow. “Start at your throat and work down.” I hesitate. “Don’t be shy, Ana. Come. Do it.” The humor and challenge in his expression is plain to see along with his desire. The sweet voice sings that there’s nothing sweet about her. I place my hands against my throat and let them slide down to the top of my breasts. The oil makes them glide effortlessly over my skin. My hands are warm. “Lower,” Christian murmurs, his eyes darkening. He doesn’t touch me. My hands cup my breasts. “Tease yourself.” Oh my. I tug gently on my nipples. “Harder,” Christian urges. He sits immobile between my thighs, just watching me. “Like I would,” he adds, his eyes shining darkly. My muscles clench deep in my belly. I groan in response and pull harder on my nipples, feeling them stiffen and lengthen beneath my touch. “Yes. Like that. Again.”
Closing my eyes I pull hard, rolling and twisting them between my fingers. I moan. “Open your eyes.” I blink up at him. “Again. I want to see you. See you enjoy your touch.” Oh fuck. I repeat the process. This is so . . . erotic. “Hands. Lower.” I squirm. “Keep still, Ana. Absorb the pleasure. Lower.” His voice is low and husky, tempting and beguiling at once. “You do it,” I whisper. “Oh, I will—soon. You. Lower. Now.” Christian, exuding sensuality, runs his tongue along his teeth Holy fuck . . . I writhe, pulling on the restraints. He shakes his head, slowly. “Still.” He rests his hands on my knees, holding me in place. “Come on, Ana—lower.” My hands glide over my stomach down over my belly. “Lower,” he mouths, and he is carnality personified. “Christian, please.” His hands glide down from my knees, skimming my thighs, toward my sex. “Come on, Ana. Touch yourself.” My left hand skims over my sex, and I rub in a slow circle, my mouth an O as I pant. “Again,” he whispers. I groan louder and repeat the move and tip my head back, gasping. “Again.” I moan loudly, and Christian inhales sharply. Grabbing my hands, he bends down, running his nose then his tongue back and forth at the apex of my thighs. “Ah!” I want to touch him, but when I try to move my hands, his fingers tighten around my wrists. “I’ll restrain these, too. Keep still.” I groan. He releases me then eases his middle two fingers inside me, the heel of his hand resting against my clitoris. “I’m going to make you come quickly, Ana. Ready?” “Yes.” I pant. He starts to move his fingers, his hand, up and down, rapidly, assaulting both that sweet spot inside me and my clitoris at the same time. Ah! The feeling is intense—really intense. Pleasure builds and spikes throughout the lower half of my body. I want to stretch my legs, but I can’t. My hands claw at the towel beneath me. “Surrender,” Christian whispers. I explode around his fingers, crying out incoherently. He presses the heel of his hand against my clitoris as the aftershocks run through my body, prolonging the delicious agony. Vaguely, I’m aware that he’s untying my legs. “My turn,” he murmurs, and flips me over so I am face down on the sofa with my knees on the floor. He spreads my legs and slaps me hard across my behind. “Ah!” I yelp and he slams into me. “Oh, Ana,” he hisses through clenched teeth as he starts to move. His fingers grip me hard around my hips as he grinds into me over and over. And I’m building again. No . . . Ah . . .
“Come on, Ana!” Christian shouts, and I shatter once more, pulsing around him and crying out as I come. “Life-affirming enough for you?” Christian kisses my hair. “Oh, yes,” I murmur, gazing up at the ceiling. I am lying on my husband, my back to his front, both of us on the floor beside the sofa. He’s still dressed. “I think we should go again. No clothes for you this time.” “Christ, Ana. Give a man a chance.” I giggle and he chuckles. “I’m glad Ray’s conscious. Seems all your appetites are back,” he says, not disguising the smile in his voice. I turn over and scowl at him. “Are you forgetting about last night and this morning?” I pout. “Nothing forgettable about either of those.” He grins, and when he does, he looks so young and carefree and happy. He cups my behind. “You have a fantastic ass, Mrs. Grey.” “So do you.” I arch a brow at him. “Though yours is still under cover.” “And what are you going to do about that, Mrs. Grey?” “Why, I’m going to undress you, Mr. Grey. All of you.” He grins. “And I think there’s a lot that’s sweet about you,” I murmur, referring to the song still playing on repeat. His smile fades. Oh no. “You are,” I whisper. I lean down and kiss the corner of his mouth. He closes his eyes and tightens his arms around me. “Christian, you are. You made this weekend so special—in spite of what happened to Ray. Thank you.” He opens his large, serious gray eyes, and his expression tugs at my heart. “Because I love you,” he murmurs. “I know. I love you, too.” I caress his face. “And you’re precious to me, too. You do know that, don’t you?” His stills, looking lost. Oh, Christian . . . my sweet Fifty. “Believe me,” I whisper. “It’s not easy.” His voice is almost inaudible. “Try. Try hard, because it’s true.” I stroke his face once more, my fingers brushing against his sideburns. His eyes are gray oceans of loss and hurt and pain. I want to climb into his body and hold him. Anything to stop that look. When will he realize that he means the world to me? That he’s more than worthy of my love, the love of his parents—his siblings? I have told him over and over, and yet here we are as Christian gives me his lost, abandoned look. Time. It will just take time. “You’ll get cold. Come.” He rises gracefully to his feet and pulls me up to stand beside him. I slip my arm around his waist as we wander back into the bedroom. I won’t push him, but since Ray’s accident, it’s become more important to me that he knows how much I love him. As we enter the bedroom, I frown, desperate to recover the very welcome lighthearted mood of only a few moments ago. “Shall we watch TV?” I ask. Christian snorts. “I was hoping for round two.” And my mercurial Fifty is back. I arch my brow and stop by the bed.
“Well, in that case, I think I’ll be in charge.” He gapes at me, and I push him onto the bed and quickly straddle him, pinning his hands down beside his head. He grins up at me. “Well, Mrs. Grey, now that you’ve got me, what are you going to do with me?” I lean down and whisper in his ear, “I am going to fuck you with my mouth.” He closes his eyes, inhaling sharply, and I run my teeth gently along his jaw. Christian is working at the computer. It’s a bright early morning, and he’s tapping out an e-mail, I think. “Good morning,” I murmur shyly from the doorway. He turns and smiles at me. “Mrs. Grey. You’re up early.” He holds open his arms. I bolt across the suite and curl into his lap. “As are you.” “I was just working.” He shifts as he kisses my hair. “What?” I ask, sensing something wrong. He sighs. “I got an e-mail from Detective Clark. He wants to talk to you about that fucker Hyde.” “Really?” I sit back to gaze at Christian. “Yes. I told him you’re in Portland for the time being, so he’ll have to wait. But he says he’d like to interview you here.” “He’s coming here?” “Apparently so.” Christian looks bemused. I frown. “What’s so important that can’t wait?” “Exactly.” “When’s he coming?” “Today. I’ll e-mail him back.” “I have nothing to hide. I wonder what he wants to know?” “We’ll find out when he gets here. I’m intrigued, too.” Christian shifts again. “Breakfast will be here shortly. Let’s eat, then we can go and see your dad.” I nod. “You can stay here if you want. I can see you’re busy.” He scowls. “No, I want to come with you.” “Okay.” I grin, and wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him. Ray is bad-tempered. It’s a joy. He’s itchy, scratchy, impatient, and uncomfortable. “Dad, you’ve been in a major car accident. It will take time to heal. Christian and I want to move you to Seattle.” “I don’t know why you’re bothering with me. I’ll be fine here on my own.” “Don’t be ridiculous.” I squeeze his hand fondly, and he has the grace to smile at me. “Do you need anything?” “I could murder a doughnut, Annie.” I grin indulgently at him. “I’ll get you a doughnut or two. We’ll go to Voodoo.” “Great!” “You want some decent coffee, too?” “Hell yeah!” “Okay, I’ll go get some.”
Christian is once more in the waiting room, talking on the phone. He really should set up office in here. Weirdly, he’s by himself, although the other ICU beds are occupied. I wonder if Christian’s frightened off the other visitors. He hangs up. “Clark will be here at four this afternoon.” I frown. What could be so urgent? “Okay. Ray wants coffee and doughnuts.” Christian laughs. “I think I would too if I’d been in an accident. Ask Taylor to go.” “No, I’ll go.” “Take Taylor with you.” His voice is stern. “Okay.” I roll my eyes and he glares. Then he smirks and cocks his head to one side. “There’s no one here.” His voice is deliciously low, and I know he’s threatening to spank me. I am about to dare him, when a young couple enters the room. She is weeping softly. I shrug apologetically at Christian, and he nods. He picks up his laptop, takes my hand, and leads me out of the room. “They need the privacy more than we do,” Christian murmurs. “We’ll have our fun later.” Outside Taylor is waiting patiently. “Let’s all go get coffee and doughnuts.” At four o’clock precisely there’s a knock on the suite door. Taylor ushers in Detective Clark, who looks more bad-tempered than usual. He always seems to look bad-tempered. Perhaps it’s the way his face is set. “Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey, thank you for seeing me.” “Detective Clark.” Christian shakes his hand and directs him to a seat. I sit down on the sofa where I enjoyed myself so much last night. The thought makes me blush. “It’s Mrs. Grey I wish to see,” Clark says pointedly to Christian and to Taylor stationed beside the door. Christian glances then nods almost imperceptibly at Taylor who turns and leaves, shutting the door behind him. “Anything you wish to say to my wife you can say in front of me.” Christian’s voice is cool and businesslike. Detective Clark turns to me. “Are you sure you’d like your husband to be present?” I frown at him. “Of course. I have nothing to hide. You are just interviewing me?” “Yes, ma’am.” “I’d like my husband to stay.” Christian sits beside me, radiating tension. “All right,” murmurs Clark, resigned. He clears his throat. “Mrs. Grey, Mr. Hyde maintains that you sexually harassed him and made several lewd advances toward him.” Oh! I almost burst out laughing, but put my hand on Christian’s thigh to restrain him as he shifts forward in his seat. “That’s preposterous,” Christian splutters. I squeeze Christian’s leg to silence him. “That’s not true,” I state calmly. “In fact, it was the other way around. He propositioned me in a very aggressive manner, and he was fired.” Detective Clark’s mouth flattens briefly into a thin line before he continues. “Hyde alleges that you fabricated a tale about sexual harassment in order to get him fired. He says that you did this because he refused your advances and because you wanted his job.”
I frown. Holy crap. Jack is even more delusional than I thought.“That’s not true.” I shake my head. “Detective, please don’t tell me you have driven all this way to harass my wife with these ridiculous accusations.” Detective Clark turns his steely blue glare on Christian. “I need to hear this from Mrs. Grey, sir,” he says with quiet restraint. I squeeze Christian’s leg once more, silently imploring him to keep his cool. “You don’t have to listen to this shit, Ana.” “I think I should let Detective Clark know what happened.” Christian gazes at me impassively for a beat then waves his hand in a gesture of resignation. “What Hyde says is simply not true.” My voice sounds calm, although I feel anything but. I’m bewildered by these accusations and nervous that Christian might explode. What’s Jack’s game? “Mr. Hyde accosted me in the office kitchen one evening. He told me that it was thanks to him that I had been hired and that he expected sexual favors in return. He tried to blackmail me, using e-mails that I’d sent to Christian, who wasn’t my husband then. I didn’t know Hyde had been monitoring my emails. He’s delusional—he even accused me of being a spy sent by Christian, presumably to help him take over the company. He didn’t know that Christian had already bought SIP.” I shake my head as I recall my distressing, tense encounter with Hyde. “In the end, I-I took him down.” Clark’s eyebrows rise in surprise. “Took him down?” “My father is ex-army. Hyde . . . um, touched me, and I know how to defend myself.” Christian glances at me with a brief look of pride. “I see.” Clark leans back on the sofa, sighing heavily. “Have you spoken to any of Hyde’s former PAs?” Christian asks almost genially. “Yes, we have. But the truth is we can’t get any of his assistants to talk to us. They all say he was an exemplary boss, even though none of them lasted more than three months.” “We’ve had that problem, too,” Christian murmurs. Oh? I gape at Christian as does Detective Clark. “My security chief. He’s interviewed Hyde’s past five PAs.” “And why’s that?” Christian gives him a steely glare. “Because my wife worked for him, and I run security checks on anyone my wife works with.” Detective Clark flushes. I shrug apologetically at him with a welcome-to-my-world smile. “I see,” Clark murmurs. “I think there’s more to this than meets the eye, Mr. Grey. We are conducting a more thorough search of his apartment tomorrow, so maybe something will present itself then. Though by all accounts he hasn’t lived there for some time.” “You’ve searched already?” “Yes. We’re doing it again. A fingertip search this time.” “You’ve still not charged him with the attempted murder of Ros Bailey and myself?” Christian says softly. What? “We’re hoping to find more evidence in regard to the sabotage of your aircraft, Mr. Grey. We need more than a partial print, and while he’s in custody, we can build a case.” “Is this all you came down here for?” Clark bristles. “Yes, Mr. Grey, it is, unless you’ve had any further thoughts about the note?” Note? What note?
“No. I told you. It means nothing to me.” Christian cannot hide his irritation. “And I don’t see why we couldn’t have done this over the phone.” “I think I told you I prefer a hands-on approach. And I’m visiting my great-aunt who lives in Portland—two birds . . . one stone.” Clark remains stony faced and unfazed by my husband’s bad temper. “Well, if we’re all done, I have work to attend to.” Christian stands and Detective Clark follows his cue. “Thank you for your time, Mrs. Grey,” he says politely. I nod. “Mr. Grey.” Christian opens the door, and Clark leaves. I sag into the sofa. “Can you believe that asshole?” Christian explodes. “Clark?” “No. That fucker, Hyde.” “No, I can’t.” “What’s his fucking game?” Christian whispers through gritted teeth. “I don’t know. Do you think Clark believed me?” “Of course he did. He knows Hyde is a fucked-up asshole.” “You’re very sweary.” “Sweary?” Christian smirks. “Is that even a word?” “It is now.” Unexpectedly he grins and sits down beside me, pulling me into his arms. “Don’t think about that fucker. Let’s go see your dad and try to talk about the move tomorrow.” “He was adamant that he wanted to stay in Portland and not be a bother.” “I’ll talk to him.” “I want to travel with him.” Christian gazes at me, and for a moment, I think he’s going to say no. “Okay. I’ll come, too. Sawyer and Taylor can take the cars. I’ll let Sawyer drive your R8 tonight.” The following day Ray is examining his new surroundings—an airy, light, room in the rehabilitation center of Northwest Hospital in Seattle. It’s noon, and he looks sleepy. The journey, via helicopter no less, has exhausted him. “Tell Christian I appreciate this,” he says quietly. “You can tell him yourself. He’ll be along this evening.” “Aren’t you going to work?” “Probably. I just want to make sure you’re settled in here.” “You get along. You don’t need to worry about me.” “I like worrying about you. My BlackBerry buzzes. I check the number—it’s not one I recognize. “You going to answer that?” Ray asks. “No. I don’t know who it is. The voice mail can take it for me. I brought you something to read.” I indicate the pile of sports magazines on his bedside table. “Thanks, Annie.”
“You’re tired, aren’t you?” He nods. “I’ll let you get some sleep.” I kiss his forehead. “Laters, Daddy,” I murmur. “I’ll see you later, honey. And thank you.” Ray catches my hand and squeezes it gently. “I like that you call me Daddy. Takes me back.” Oh, Daddy. I return his squeeze. As I head out the main doors toward the SUV where Sawyer is waiting, I hear my name being called. “Mrs. Grey! Mrs. Grey!” Turning, I see Dr. Greene hurrying toward me, looking her usual immaculate self, if a little flustered. “Mrs. Grey, how are you? Did you get my message? I called earlier.” “No.” My scalp prickles. “Well, I was wondering why you’d cancelled four appointments.” Four appointments? I gape at her. I’ve missed four appointments! How? “Perhaps we should talk about this in my office. I was going out for lunch—do you have time right now?” I nod meekly. “Sure. I . . .” Words fail me. I’ve missed four appointments? I’m late for my shot. Shit. I follow her in a daze back into the hospital and up to her office. How did I miss four appointments? I vaguely remember one being moved—Hannah mentioned it—but four? How could I miss four? Dr. Greene’s office is spacious, minimalistic, and well appointed. “I’m so grateful you caught me before I left,” I mumble, still shell-shocked. “My father’s been in a car accident, and we’ve just moved him here from Portland.” “Oh, I’m so sorry. How’s he doing?” “He’s doing okay, thank you. On the mend.” “That’s good. And it explains why you cancelled on Friday.” Dr. Greene wiggles the mouse on her desk, and her computer comes to life. “Yes . . . it’s been over thirteen weeks. You’re cutting it a bit close. We’d better do a test before we give you another shot.” “A test?” I whisper, all the blood rushing from my head. “A pregnancy test.” Oh, no. She reaches into the drawer of her desk. “You know what to do with this.” She hands me a small container. “The restroom is just outside my office.” I get up as if in a trance, my whole body operating as if on automatic pilot and I stumble to the restroom. Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. How could I have let this happen . . . again? I suddenly feel sick and offer a silent prayer. Please no. Please no. It’s too soon. It’s too soon. It’s too soon. When I reenter Dr. Greene’s office, she gives me a tight smile and waves me to the seat in front of her desk. I sit down and wordlessly hand her my sample. She dips a small white stick into it and watches. She raises her eyebrows as it turns pale blue. “What does blue mean?” The tension is almost choking me. She looks up at me, her eyes serious. “Well, Mrs. Grey, it means you’re pregnant.”
What? No. No. No. Fuck.
I gape at Dr. Greene, my world collapsing around me. A baby. A baby. I don’t want a baby . . . not yet. Fuck. And I know deep down that Christian is going to freak. “Mrs. Grey, you’re very pale. Would you like a glass of water?” “Please.” My voice is a barely audible. My mind is racing. Pregnant? When? “I take it you’re surprised.” I nod mutely at the good doctor as she hands me a glass of water from her conveniently placed water cooler. I take a welcome sip. “Shocked,” I whisper. “We could do an ultrasound to see how advanced the pregnancy is. Judging by your reaction, I suspect you’re just a couple of weeks or so from conception—four or five weeks pregnant. I take it you haven’t been suffering any other symptoms?” I shake my head mutely. Symptoms? I don’t think so. “I thought . . . I thought this was a reliable form of contraceptive.” Dr. Greene arches a brow. “It normally is, when you remember to have the shot,” she says coolly. “I must have lost track of time.” Christian is going to freak. I know it. “Have you been bleeding at all?” I frown. “No.” “That’s normal for the Depo. Let’s do an ultrasound shall we? I have time.” I nod, bewildered, and Dr. Greene directs me toward a black leather exam table behind a screen. “If you’ll just slip off your skirt, underwear, and cover yourself with the blanket on the table, we’ll go from there,” she says briskly. Underwear? I was expecting an ultrasound scan over my belly. Why do I need to remove my panties? I shrug in consternation then quickly do as she says and lie down beneath the soft white blanket. “That’s good.” Dr. Greene appears at the end of the table, pulling the ultrasound machine closer. It’s a hi-tech stack of computers. Sitting down, she positions the screen so that we can both see it and jogs the trackball on the keyboard. The screen pings into life. “If you could lift and bend your knees, then part them wide,” she says matter-of-factly. I frown warily. “This is a transvaginal ultrasound. If you’re only just pregnant, we should be able to find the baby with this.” She holds up a long white probe.
Oh, you have got to be kidding! “Okay,” I mutter, mortified, and do as she says. Greene pulls a condom over the wand and lubricates it with clear gel. “Mrs. Grey, if you could relax.” Relax? I’m pregnant, damn it! How do you expect me to relax? I blush, and endeavor to find my happy place . . . which has relocated somewhere near the lost Island of Atlantis. Slowly and gently she inserts the probe. Holy fuck! All I can see on the screen is the visual equivalent of white noise—although it’s more sepia in color. Slowly, Dr. Greene moves the probe about, and it’s very disconcerting. “There,” she murmurs. She presses a button, freezing the picture on the screen, and points to a tiny blip in the sepia storm. It’s a little blip. There’s a tiny little blip in my belly. Tiny. Wow. I forget my discomfort as I stare shell-shocked at the blip. “It’s too early to see the heartbeat, but yes, you’re definitely pregnant. Four or five weeks, I would say.” She frowns. “Looks like the shot ran out early. Oh well, that happens sometimes.” I am too stunned to say anything. The little blip is a baby. A real honest to goodness baby. Christian’s baby. My baby. Holy cow. A baby! “Would you like me to print out a picture for you?” I nod, still unable to speak, and Dr. Greene presses a button. Then she gently removes the wand and hands me a paper towel to clean myself. “Congratulations, Mrs. Grey,” she says as I sit up. “We’ll need to make another appointment. I suggest in four weeks’ time. Then we can ascertain the exact age of your baby and set a likely due date. You can get dressed now.” “Okay.” I’m reeling and I dress hurriedly. I have a blip, a little blip. When I emerge from behind the screen, Dr. Greene is back at her desk. “In the meantime, I’d like you to start this course of folic acid and prenatal vitamins. Here’s a leaflet of dos and don’ts.” As she hands me a package of pills and a leaflet, she continues to talk at me, but I’m not listening. I’m in shock. Overwhelmed. Surely I should be happy. Surely I should be thirty . . . at least. This is too soon—far too soon. I try to quell my rising sense of panic. I wish Dr. Greene a polite good-bye and head in a daze back down to the exit and out into the cool fall afternoon. I’m gripped suddenly by a creeping cold and deep sense of foreboding. Christian is going to freak, I know, but how much and how far, I have no idea. His words haunt me. “I’m not ready to share you yet.” I pull my jacket tighter around me, trying to shake off the cold. Sawyer leaps out of the SUV and holds open the door. He frowns when he sees my face, but I ignore his concerned expression. “Where to, Mrs. Grey?” he asks gently. “SIP.” I nestle into the backseat of the car, closing my eyes and leaning my head on the headrest. I should be happy. I know I should be happy. But I’m not. This is too early. Far too early. What about my job? What about SIP? What about Christian and me? No. No. No. We’ll be fine. He’ll be fine. He loved baby Mia—I remember Carrick telling me—he dotes on her now. Perhaps I should warn Flynn . . . Perhaps I shouldn’t tell Christian. Perhaps I . . . perhaps I should end this. I halt my thoughts on that dark path, alarmed at the direction they’re taking. Instinctively my hand sweeps down to rest protectively over my belly. No. My little Blip. Tears spring to my eyes. What am I going to do?
A vision of a little boy with copper-colored hair and bright gray eyes, running through the meadow at the new house invades my thoughts, teasing and tantalizing me with possibilities. He’s giggling and squealing with delight as Christian and I chase him. Christian swings him high in his arms and carries him on his hip as we walk hand in hand back to the house. My vision morphs into Christian turning away from me in disgust. I’m fat and awkward, heavy with child. He paces the long hall of mirrors, away from me, the sound of his footsteps echoing off the silvered glass, walls, and floor. Christian . . . I jerk awake. No. He’s going to freak out. When Sawyer pulls up outside SIP, I leap out and head into the building. “Ana, great to see you. How’s your dad?” Hannah asks as soon as I reach my office. I regard her coolly. “He’s better, thank you. Can I see you in my office?” “Sure.” She looks surprised as she follows me in. “Is everything okay?” “I need to know if you’ve moved or cancelled any appointments with Dr. Greene.” “Dr. Greene? Yes, I have. About two or three of them. Mostly because you were in other meetings or running late. Why?” Because now I’m fucking pregnant! I scream at her in my head. I take a deep, steadying breath. “If you move any appointments, will you make sure I know? I don’t always check my calendar.” “Sure,” Hannah says quietly. “I’m sorry. Have I done something wrong?” I shake my head and sigh loudly. “Can you make me some tea? Then let’s discuss what’s been happening while I’ve been away.” “Sure. I’ll jump to it.” Brightening, she heads out of the office. I gaze after her departing figure. “You see that woman?” I talk quietly to the Blip. “She might be the reason you’re here.” I pat my belly then feel like a complete idiot, because I am talking to the blip. My tiny little Blip. I shake my head, exasperated at myself and at Hannah . . . though deep down I know I can’t really blame Hannah. Despondently I switch on my computer. There’s an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Missing You Date: September 13, 2011 13:58 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I’ve been back in the office for only three hours, and I’m missing you already. Hope Ray has settled into his new room okay. Mom is going to see him this afternoon and check up on him. I’ll collect you around six this evening, and we can go and see him before heading home. Sound good? Your loving husband Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I type a quick response. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Missing You Date: September 13, 2011 14:10
To: Christian Grey Sure. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Missing You Date: September 13, 2011 14:14 To: Anastasia Grey Are you okay? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. No, Christian, I’m not. I’m freaking out about you freaking out. I don’t know what to do. But I am not going to tell you via e-mail. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Missing You Date: September 13, 2011 14:17 To: Christian Grey Fine. Just busy. See you at six. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP When will I tell him? Tonight? Maybe after sex? Maybe during sex. No, that might be dangerous for both of us. When he’s asleep? I put my head in my hands. What the hell am I going to do? “Hi,” Christian says warily as I climb into the SUV. “Hi,” I murmur. “What’s wrong?” He frowns. I shake my head as Taylor sets off toward the hospital. “Nothing.” Maybe now? I could tell him now when we’re in a contained space and Taylor is with us. “Is work all right?” Christian continues to probe. “Yes. Fine. Thanks.” “Ana, what’s wrong?” His tone is a little more forceful, and I chicken out. “I’ve just missed you, that’s all. And I’ve been worried about Ray.” Christian visibly relaxes. “Ray’s good. I spoke to Mom this afternoon and she’s impressed with his progress.” Christian grasps my hand. “Boy, your hand is cold. Have you eaten today?” I blush. “Ana,” Christian scolds me, annoyed. Well, I haven’t eaten because I know you’re going to go bat-shit crazy when I tell you I’m pregnant.
“I’ll eat this evening. I haven’t really had time.” He shakes his head in frustration. “Do you want me to add ‘feed my wife’ to the security detail’s list of duties?” “I’m sorry. I’ll eat. It’s just been a weird day. You know, moving Dad and all.” His lips press into a hard line, but he says nothing. I gaze out the window. Tell him! My subconscious hisses. No. I’m a coward. Christian interrupts my reverie. “I may have to go to Taiwan.” “Oh. When?” “Later this week. Maybe next week.” “Okay.” “I want you to come with me.” I swallow. “Christian, please. I have my job. Let’s not rehash this argument again.” He sighs and pouts like a sulky teenager. “Thought I’d ask,” he mutters petulantly. “How long will you go for?” “Not more than a couple of days. I wish you’d tell me what’s bothering you.” How can he tell? “Well, now that my beloved husband is going away . . .” Christian kisses my knuckles. “I won’t be away for long.” “Good.” I smile weakly at him. Ray is much brighter and a lot less grumpy when we see him. I’m touched by his quiet gratitude to Christian, and for a moment I forget about my impending news as I sit and listen to them talk fishing and the Mariners. But he tires easily. “Daddy, we’ll leave you to sleep.” “Thanks, Ana honey. I like that you drop by. Saw your mom today, too, Christian. She was very reassuring. And she’s a Mariners fan.” “She’s not crazy about fishing, though,” Christian says wryly as he rises. “Don’t know many women who are, eh?” Ray grins. “I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?” I kiss him. My subconscious purses her lips. That’s provided Christian hasn’t locked you away . . . or worse. My spirits take a nosedive. “Come.” Christian holds out his hand, frowning at me. I take it and we leave the hospital. I pick at my food. It’s Mrs. Jones’s chicken chasseur, but I’m just not hungry. My stomach is knotted in a tight ball of anxiety. “Damn it! Ana, will you tell me what’s wrong?” Christian pushes his empty plate away, irritated. I gaze at him. “Please. You’re driving me crazy.” I swallow and try to subdue the panic rising in my throat. I take a deep steadying breath. It’s now or never. “I’m pregnant.” He stills, and very slowly all the color drains from his face. “What?” he whispers, ashen. “I’m pregnant.” His brow furrows with incomprehension. “How?” How . . . how? What sort of ridiculous question is that? I blush, and give him a quizzical how-doyou-think look. His stance changes immediately, his eyes hardening to flint. “Your shot?” he snarls. Oh shit. “Did you forget your shot?”
I just gaze at him unable to speak. Jeez, he’s mad—really mad. “Christ, Ana!” He bangs his fist on the table, making me jump, and stands so abruptly he almost knocks the dining chair over. “You have one thing, one thing to remember. Shit! I don’t fucking believe it. How could you be so stupid?” Stupid! I gasp. Shit. I want to tell him that the shot was ineffective, but words fail me. I gaze down at my fingers. “I’m sorry,” I whisper. “Sorry? Fuck!” he says again. “I know the timing’s not very good.” “Not very good!” he shouts. “We’ve known each other five fucking minutes. I wanted to show you the fucking world and now . . . Fuck. Diapers and vomit and shit!” He closes his eyes. I think he’s trying to contain his temper and losing the battle. “Did you forget? Tell me. Or did you do this on purpose?” His eyes blaze and anger emanates off him like a force field. “No,” I whisper. I can’t tell him about Hannah—he’d fire her. I know. “I thought we’d agreed on this!” he shouts. “I know. We had. I’m sorry.” He ignores me. “This is why. This is why I like control. So shit like this doesn’t come along and fuck everything up.” No . . . Little Blip. “Christian, please don’t shout at me.” Tears start to slip down my face. “Don’t start with waterworks now,” he snaps. “Fuck.” He runs a hand through his hair, pulling at it as he does. “You think I’m ready to be a father?” His voice catches, and it’s a mixture of rage and panic. And it all becomes clear, the fear and loathing writ large in his eyes—his rage is that of a powerless adolescent. Oh, Fifty, I am so sorry. It’s a shock for me, too. “I know neither one of us is ready for this, but I think you’ll make a wonderful father,” I choke. “We’ll figure it out.” “How the fuck do you know!” he shouts, louder this time. “Tell me how!” His gray eyes burn, and so many emotions cross his face. It’s fear that’s most prominent. “Oh fuck this!” Christian bellows dismissively and holds his hands up in a gesture of defeat. He turns on his heel and stalks toward the foyer, grabbing his jacket as he leaves the great room. His footsteps echo off the wooden floor, and he disappears through the double doors into the foyer, slamming the door behind him and making me jump once more. I am alone with the silence—the still, silent emptiness of the great room. I shudder involuntarily as I gaze numbly at the closed doors. He’s walked out on me. Shit! His reaction is far worse than I could ever have imagined. I push my plate away and fold my arms on the table, letting my head sink into them while I weep. “Ana, dear.” Mrs. Jones is hovering beside me. I sit up quickly, dashing the tears from my face. “I heard. I’m sorry,” she says gently. “Would you like an herbal tea or something?” “I’d like a glass of white wine.” Mrs. Jones pauses for a fraction of a second, and I remember Blip. Now I can’t drink alcohol. Can I? I must study the dos and don’ts Dr. Greene gave me. “I’ll get you a glass.” “Actually, I’ll have a cup of tea, please.” I wipe my nose. She smiles kindly.
“Cup of tea coming up.” She clears our plates and heads over to the kitchen area. I follow her and perch on a stool, watching her prepare my tea. She places a steaming mug in front of me. “Is there anything else I can get for you, Ana?” “No, this is fine, thank you.” “Are you sure? You didn’t eat much.” I gaze up at her. “I’m just not hungry.” “Ana, you should eat. It’s not just you anymore. Please let me fix you something. What would you like?” She looks so hopefully at me. But really, I can’t face anything. My husband has just walked out on me because I’m pregnant, my father has been in a major car accident, and there’s Jack Hyde the nutcase trying to make out that I sexually harassed him. I suddenly have an uncontrollable urge to giggle. See what you’ve done to me, Little Blip! I caress my belly. Mrs. Jones smiles indulgently at me. “Do you know how far you are?” she asks softly. “Very newly pregnant. Four or five weeks, the doctor isn’t sure.” “If you won’t eat, then at least you should rest.” I nod, and taking my tea, I head into the library. It’s my refuge. I dig my BlackBerry out of my purse and contemplate calling Christian. I know it’s a shock for him—but he really did overreact. When does he not overreact? My subconscious arches a finely plucked brow at me. I sigh. Fifty Shades of fucked up. “Yes, that’s your daddy, Little Blip. Hopefully he’ll cool off and come back . . . soon.” I pull out the leaflet of dos and don’ts and sit down to read. I can’t concentrate. Christian’s never walked out on me before. He’s been so thoughtful and kind over the last few days, so loving and now . . . Suppose he never comes back? Shit! Perhaps I should call Flynn. I don’t know what to do. I’m at a loss. He’s so fragile in so many ways, and I knew he’d react badly to the news. He was so sweet this weekend. All those circumstances way beyond his control, yet he managed fine. But this news was too much. Ever since I met him, my life has been complicated. Is it him? Is it the two of us together? Suppose he doesn’t get past this? Suppose he wants a divorce? Bile rises in my throat. No. I mustn’t think this way. He’ll be back. He will. I know he will. I know regardless of the shouting and his harsh words he loves me . . . yes. And he’ll love you, too, Little Blip. Leaning back in my chair, I start to doze. I wake cold and disorientated. Shivering I check my watch; eleven in the evening. Oh yes . . . You. I pat my belly. Where’s Christian? Is he back? Stiffly I ease out of the armchair and go in search of my husband. Five minutes later, I realize he’s not home. I hope nothing’s happened to him. Memories of the long wait when Charlie Tango went missing flood back. No, no, no. Stop thinking like this. He’s probably gone to . . . where? Who would he go and see? Elliot? Or maybe he’s with Flynn. I hope so. I find my BlackBerry back in the library, and I text him. *Where are you?* I head into the bathroom and run myself a bath. I am so cold. He still hasn’t returned when I climb out of the bath. I change into one of my 1930s-style satin nightdresses and my robe and head to the great room. On the way, I pop into the spare bedroom. Perhaps this could be Little Blip’s room. I am startled by the thought and stand in the doorway,
contemplating this reality. Will we paint it blue or pink? The sweet thought is soured by the fact that my errant husband is so pissed at the idea. Grabbing the duvet from the spare bed, I head into the great room to keep vigil. Something wakes me. A sound. “Shit!” It’s Christian in the foyer. I hear the table scrape across the floor again. “Shit!” he repeats, more muffled this time. I scramble up in time to see him stagger through the double doors. He’s drunk. My scalp prickles. Shit, Christian drunk? I know how much he hates drunks. I leap up and run toward him. “Christian, are you okay?” He leans against the jamb of the foyer doors. “Mrs. Grey,” he slurs. Crap. He’s very drunk. I don’t know what to do. “Oh . . . you look mighty fine, Anastasia.” “Where have you been?” He puts his fingers to his lips and smiles crookedly at me. “Shh!” “I think you’d better come to bed.” “With you . . .” He snickers. Snickering! Frowning, I gently put my arm around his waist because he can hardly stand, let alone walk. Where has he been? How did he get home? “Let me help you to bed. Lean on me.” “You are very beautiful, Ana.” He leans onto me and sniffs my hair, almost knocking both of us over. “Christian, walk. I am going to put you to bed.” “Okay,” he says as if he’s trying to concentrate. We stumble down the corridor and finally make it into the bedroom. “Bed,” he says, grinning. “Yes, bed.” I maneuver him to the edge, but he holds me. “Join me,” he says. “Christian, I think you need some sleep.” “And so it begins. I’ve heard about this.” I frown. “Heard about what?” “Babies mean no sex.” “I’m sure that’s not true. Otherwise we’d all come from one-child families.” He gazes down at me. “You’re funny.” “You’re drunk.” “Yes.” He smiles, but his smile changes as he thinks about it, and a haunted expression crosses his face, a look that chills me to the bone. “Come on, Christian,” I say gently. I hate his expression. It speaks of horrid, ugly memories that no child should see. “Let’s get you into bed.” I push him gently, and he flops down onto the mattress, sprawling in all directions and grinning up at me, his haunted expression gone. “Join me,” he slurs. “Let’s get you undressed first.” He grins widely, drunkenly. “Now you’re talking.” Holy cow. Drunk Christian is cute and playful. I’ll take him over mad-as-hell Christian anytime.
“Sit up. Let me take your jacket off.” “The room is spinning.” Shit . . . is he going to throw up? “Christian, sit up!” He smirks up at me. “Mrs. Grey, you are a bossy little thing . . .” “Yes. Do as you’re told and sit up.” I put my hands on my hips. He grins again, struggles up onto his elbows then sits up in a most unChristian-like, gawky fashion. Before he can flop down again, I grab his tie and wrestle him out of his gray jacket, one arm at a time. “You smell good.” “You smell of hard liquor.” “Yes . . . bour-bon.” He pronounces the syllables with such exaggeration that I have to stifle a giggle. Discarding his jacket on the floor beside me, I make a start on his tie. He rests his hands on my hips. “I like the feel of this fabric on you, Anastay-shia,” he says, slurring his words. “You should always be in satin or silk.” He runs his hands up and down my hips then jerks me forward, pressing his mouth against my belly. “And we have an invader in here.” I stop breathing. Holy cow. He’s talking to Little Blip. “You’re going to keep me awake, aren’t you?” he says to my belly. Oh my. Christian looks up at me through his long dark lashes, gray eyes blurred and cloudy. My heart constricts. “You’ll choose him over me,” he says sadly. “Christian, you don’t know what you’re talking about. Don’t be ridiculous—I am not choosing anyone over anyone. And he might be a she.” He frowns. “A she . . . Oh, God.” He flops back down on to the bed and covers his eyes with his arm. I have managed to loosen his tie. I undo one shoelace and yank off his shoe and sock, then the other. When I stand, I see why I’ve met no resistance—Christian has passed out completely. He’s sound asleep and snoring softly. I stare at him. He’s so goddamned beautiful, even drunk and snoring. His sculptured lips parted, one arm above his head, ruffling his messy hair, his face relaxed. He looks young—but then he is young; my young, stressed out, drunk, unhappy husband. The thought rests heavy in my heart. Well, at least he’s home. I wonder where he went. I’m not sure I have the energy or the strength to move him or undress him any further. He’s on top of the duvet, too. Heading back into the great room, I pick up the duvet I was using and bring it back to our bedroom. He’s still fast asleep, still wearing his tie and his belt. I climb onto the bed beside him, remove his tie, and gently undo the top button of his shirt. He mumbles something incoherently in his sleep, but he doesn’t wake. Carefully, I unbuckle his belt and pull it through the belt loops, and after some difficulty it’s off. His shirt has come dislodged from his pants, revealing a hint of his happy trail. I can’t resist. I bend and kiss it. He shifts, flexing his hips forward, but stays asleep. I sit up and gaze at him again. Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty . . . what am I going to do with you? I brush my fingers through his hair. It’s so soft and kiss his temple. “I love you, Christian. Even when you’re drunk and you’ve been out God knows where, I love you. I’ll always love you.” “Hmm,” he murmurs. I kiss his temple once more, then get off the bed, and cover him up with the spare duvet. I can sleep beside him, sideways across the bed . . . Yes, I’ll do that. First I’ll sort out his clothes, though. I shake my head and pick up his socks and tie, and fold his
jacket over my arm. As I do, his BlackBerry falls to the floor. I pick it up and inadvertently unlock it. It opens on the texts screen. I can see my text, and above it, another. Fuck. My scalp prickles. *It was good to see you. I understand now. Don’t fret. You’ll make a wonderful father.* It’s from her. Mrs. Elena Bitch Troll Robinson. Shit. That’s where he went. He’s been to see her.
I gape at the text then look up at the sleeping form of my husband. He’s been out until one thirty in the morning drinking—with her! He snores softly, sleeping the sleep of a seemingly innocent, oblivious drunk. He looks so serene. Oh no, no, no. My legs turn to jelly, and I sink slowly to the chair beside the bed in disbelief. Raw, bitter, humiliating betrayal lances through me. How could he? How could he go to her? Scalding, angry tears ooze down my cheeks. His wrath and fear, his need to lash out at me I can understand, and forgive—just. But this . . . this treachery is too much. I pull my knees up against my chest and wrap my arms around them, protecting me and protecting my Little Blip. I rock to and fro, weeping softly. What did I expect? I married this man too quickly. I knew it—I knew it would come to this. Why. Why. Why? How could he do this to me? He knows how I feel about that woman. How could he turn to her? How? The knife twists slowly and painfully deep in my heart, lacerating me. Will it always be this way? Through my tears, his prostrate figure blurs and shimmers. Oh, Christian. I married him because I love him, and deep down I know that he loves me. I know he does. His achingly sweet birthday present comes to mind. For all our firsts on your first birthday as my beloved wife. I love you. C x No, no, no—I can’t believe that it will always be this way, two steps forward and three steps back. But that’s how it’s always been with him. After each setback, we move forward, inch by inch. He will come around . . . he will. But will I? Will I recover from this . . . from this treachery? I think about how he’s been this last, horrible, wonderful weekend. His quiet strength while my stepdad lay broken and comatose in the ICU . . . my surprise party, bringing my family and friends together . . . dipping me down low outside the Heathman and kissing me in full public view. Oh, Christian, you strain all my trust, all my faith . . . and I love you. But it’s not just me now. I place my hand on my belly. No, I will not let him do this to me and our Blip. Dr. Flynn said I should give him the benefit of the doubt—well, not this time. I dash the tears from my eyes and wipe my nose with the back of my hand. Christian stirs and rolls over, pulling his legs up from the side of the bed, and curls up beneath the duvet. He stretches out a hand as if searching for something, then grumbles and frowns but settles back to sleep, his arm outstretched. Oh, Fifty. What am I going to do with you? And what the hell were you doing with the Bitch
Troll? I need to know. I glance once more at the offending text and quickly hatch a plan. Taking a deep breath, I forward the text to my BlackBerry. Step one complete. I quickly check the other recent texts, but can only see messages from Elliot, Andrea, Taylor, Ros, and me. None from Elena. Good, I think. I exit the text screen, relieved that he hasn’t been texting her, and my heart lurches into my throat. Oh my. The wallpaper on his phone is photograph upon photograph of me, a patchwork of tiny Anastasias in various poses—our honeymoon, our recent weekend sailing and soaring, and a few of José’s photos, too. When did he do this? It must have been recently. I notice his e-mail icon, and an idea slithers enticingly into my mind . . . I could read Christian’s e-mails. See if he’s been talking to her. Should I? Sheathed in jade-green silk, my inner goddess nods emphatically, her mouth set in a scowl. Before I can stop myself, I invade his privacy. There are hundreds and hundreds of e-mails. I spin down through them, and they look dull as ditchwater . . . mostly from Ros, Andrea and me, and various executives in his company. None from Bitch Troll. While I’m at it, I’m relieved to see there are none from Leila either. One e-mail catches my eye. It’s from Barney Sullivan, Christian’s IT guy, and the subject line is: Jack Hyde. I glance guiltily at Christian, but he’s still snoring gently. I’ve never heard him snore. I open the e-mail. From: Barney Sullivan Subject: Jack Hyde Date: September 13, 2011 14:09 To: Christian Grey CCTV around Seattle tracks the white van from South Irving Street. Before that I can find no trace, so Hyde must have been based in that area. As Welch has told you the unsub car was rented with a false license by an unknown female, though nothing that ties it to the South Irving Street area. Details of known GEH and SIP employees who live in the area are in the attached file, which I have forwarded to Welch, too. There was nothing on Hyde’s SIP computer about his former PAs. As a reminder, here is a list of what was retrieved from Hyde’s SIP computer. Greys’ Home Addresses: Five properties in Seattle Two properties in Detroit Detailed Resumés for: Carrick Grey Elliot Grey Christian Grey Dr. Grace Trevelyan Anastasia Steele Mia Grey Newspaper and online articles relating to: Dr. Grace Trevelyan Carrick Grey Christian Grey Elliot Grey Photographs: Carrick Grey Dr. Grace Trevelyan Christian Grey Elliot Grey
Mia Grey I’ll continue my investigation, see what else I can find. B Sullivan Head of IT, GEH This odd e-mail momentarily sidetracks me from my night of woe. I click on the attachment to check through the names on the list, but it’s obviously huge, too big to open on the BlackBerry. What am I doing? It’s late. I’ve had a tiring day. There are no e-mails from the Bitch Troll or Leila Williams, and I take some cold comfort from that. I glance quickly at the alarm clock: it’s just after two in the morning. Today has been a day of revelations. I am to be a mother, and my husband has been fraternizing with the enemy. Well, let him stew. I am not sleeping here with him. He can wake up alone tomorrow. After placing his BlackBerry on the bedside table, I retrieve my purse from beside the bed and, after one last look at my angelic, sleeping Judas, I leave the bedroom. The spare playroom key is in its usual place in the cabinet in the utility room. I grab it and scoot upstairs. From the linen closet, I retrieve a pillow, duvet and sheet, then unlock the playroom door and enter, switching the lights to dim. Odd that I find the smell and ambience of this room so comforting, considering I safe worded the last time we were in here. I lock the door behind me, leaving the key in the lock. I know that tomorrow morning Christian will be frantic to find me, and I don’t think he’ll look in here if the door’s locked. Well, it will serve him right. I curl up on the Chesterfield couch, wrap myself in the duvet and drag my BlackBerry from my purse. Checking my texts, I find the one from the evil Bitch Troll that I forwarded from Christian’s phone. I press FORWARD and type: *WOULD YOU LIKE MRS. LINCOLN TO JOIN US WHEN WE EVENTUALLY DISCUSS THIS TEXT SHE SENT TO YOU? IT WILL SAVE YOU RUNNING TO HER AFTERWARD. YOUR WIFE* I press SEND and switch the volume to mute. I huddle under my duvet. For all my bravado, I’m overwhelmed by the enormity of Christian’s deceit. This should be a happy time. Jeez, we’re going to be parents. Briefly, I relive telling Christian that I’m pregnant and fantasize that he falls to his knees with joy in front of me, pulling me into his arms and telling me how much he loves me and our Little Blip. Yet here I am, alone and cold in a BDSM fantasy playroom. Suddenly I feel old, older than my years. Taking on Christian was always going to be a challenge, but he really has surpassed himself this time. What was he thinking? Well, if he wants a fight, I’ll give him a fight. No way am I going to let him get away with running off to see that monstrous woman whenever we have a problem. He’s going to have to choose—her or me and our Little Blip. I sniffle softly, but because I’m so exhausted, I soon fall asleep. I wake with a start, momentarily disorientated . . . Oh yes—I’m in the playroom. Because there are no windows, I have no idea what time it is. The door handle rattles. “Ana!” Christian shouts from outside the door. I freeze, but he doesn’t come in. I hear muffled voices, but they move away. I exhale and check the time on my BlackBerry. It’s seven fifty, and I have four missed calls and two voice messages. The missed calls are mostly from Christian, but there’s also one from Kate. Oh, no. He must have called her. I don’t have time to listen to them. I don’t want to be late for work. I wrap the duvet around me and pick up my purse before making my way to the door. Unlocking it
slowly, I peek outside. No sign of anyone. Oh shit . . . Perhaps this is a bit melodramatic. I roll my eyes at myself, take a deep breath, and head downstairs. Taylor, Sawyer, Ryan, Mrs. Jones, and Christian are all standing in the entrance to the great room, and Christian is issuing rapid-fire instructions. As one they all turn and gape at me. Christian is still wearing the clothes he slept in last night. He looks disheveled, pale, and heart-stoppingly beautiful. His large gray eyes are wide, and I don’t know if he’s fearful or angry. It’s difficult to tell. “Sawyer, I’ll be ready to leave in about twenty minutes,” I mutter, wrapping the duvet tighter around me for protection. He nods, and all eyes turn to Christian, who is still staring intensely at me. “Would you like some breakfast, Mrs. Grey?” Mrs. Jones asks. I shake my head. “I’m not hungry, thank you.” She purses her lips but says nothing. “Where were you?” Christian asks, his voice low and husky. Suddenly Sawyer, Taylor, Ryan and Mrs. Jones scatter, scurrying into Taylor’s office, into the foyer, and into the kitchen like terrified rats from a sinking ship. I ignore Christian and march toward our bedroom. “Ana,” he calls after me, “answer me.” I hear his footsteps behind me as I walk into the bedroom and continue into our bathroom. Quickly, I lock the door. “Ana!” Christian pounds on the door. I turn on the shower. The door rattles. “Ana, open the damned door.” “Go away!” “I’m not going anywhere.” “Suit yourself.” “Ana, please.” I climb into the shower, effectively blocking him out. Oh, it’s warm. The healing water cascades over me, cleansing the exhaustion of the night off my skin. Oh my. This feels so good. For a moment, for one short moment, I can pretend all is well. I wash my hair and by the time I’ve finished, I feel better, stronger, ready to face the freight train that is Christian Grey. I wrap my hair in a towel, briskly dry myself with another towel, and wrap it around me. I unlock the door and open it and find Christian is leaning against the wall opposite, his hands behind his back. His expression is wary, that of a hunted predator. I stride past him and into our walkin closet. “Are you ignoring me?” Christian asks in disbelief as he stands on the threshold of the closet. “Perceptive, aren’t you?” I murmur absentmindedly as I search for something to wear. Ah, yes—my plum dress. I slide it off the hanger, choose my high black stiletto boots, and head for the bedroom. I pause for Christian to step out of my way, which he does, eventually—his intrinsic good manners taking over. I sense his eyes boring into me as I walk over to my chest of drawers, and I peek at him in the mirror, standing motionless in the doorway, watching me. In an act worthy of an Oscar winner, I let my towel fall to the floor and pretend that I am oblivious to my naked body. I hear his restrained gasp and ignore it. “Why are you doing this?” he asks. His voice is low. “Why do you think?” My voice is velvet soft as I pull out a pretty pair of black lace La Perla panties. “Ana—” He stops as I shimmy into them. “Go ask your Mrs. Robinson. I’m sure she’ll have an explanation for you,” I mutter as I search for the matching bra.
“Ana, I’ve told you before, she’s not my—” “I don’t want to hear it, Christian.” I wave my hand dismissively. “The time for talking was yesterday, but instead you decided to rant and get drunk with the woman who abused you for years. Give her a call. I am sure she’ll be more than willing to listen to you now.” I find the matching bra and slowly pull it on and fasten it. Christian walks further into the bedroom and places his hands on his hips. “Why were you snooping on me?” he says. In spite of my resolve I flush. “That’s not the point, Christian,” I snap at him. “Fact is, going gets tough and you run to her.” His mouth settles into a grim line. “It wasn’t like that.” “I’m not interested.” Picking a pair of black thigh-highs with lacey tops, I retreat to the bed. I sit, point my toe, and gently ease the gossamer material up to my thigh. “Where were you?” he asks, his eyes following my hands up my legs, but I continue to ignore him as I slowly roll on the other stocking. Standing, I bend to towel-dry my hair. Through my parted thighs, I can see his bare feet, and I sense his intense gaze. When I’ve finished, I stand and step back to the chest of drawers where I grab my hairdryer. “Answer me.” Christian’s voice is low and husky. I switch on the hairdryer so I can no longer hear him and watch him through my lashes in the mirror as I finger dry my hair. He glares at me, eyes narrow and cool, chilling even. I look away, focusing on the task at hand and trying to suppress the shiver that runs through me. I swallow hard and concentrate on drying my hair. He’s still mad. He goes out with that damned woman, and he’s mad at me? How dare he! When my hair looks wild and untamed, I stop. Yes . . . I like it. I switch off the hairdryer. “Where were you?” he whispers, his tone arctic. “What do you care?” “Ana, stop this. Now.” I shrug, and Christian moves quickly across the room toward me. I whirl around, stepping back as he reaches out. “Don’t touch me,” I hiss and he freezes. “Where were you?” he demands. His hands fist at his side. “I wasn’t out getting drunk with my ex,” I seethe. “Did you sleep with her?” He gasps. “What? No!” He gapes at me and has the gall to look wounded and angry at the same time. My subconscious breathes a small, welcome sigh of relief. “You think I’d cheat on you?” His tone is one of moral outrage. “You did,” I snarl. “By taking our very private life and spilling your spineless guts to that woman.” His mouth drops open. “Spineless. That’s what you think?” His eyes blaze. “Christian, I saw the text. That’s what I know.” “That text was not meant for you,” he growls. “Well, fact is I saw it when your BlackBerry fell out of your jacket while I was undressing you because you were too drunk to undress yourself. Do you have any idea how much you’ve hurt me by going to see that woman?” He pales momentarily, but I’m on a roll, my inner bitch unleashed. “Do you remember last night when you came home? Remember what you said?” He stares at me blankly, his face frozen. “Well, you were right. I do choose this defenseless baby over you. That’s what any loving parent does. That’s what your mother should have done for you. And I am sorry that she didn’t—because we
wouldn’t be having this conversation right now if she had. But you’re an adult now—you need to grow up and smell the fucking coffee and stop behaving like a petulant adolescent. “You may not be happy about this baby. I’m not ecstatic, given the timing and your less-thanlukewarm reception to this new life, this flesh of your flesh. But you can either do this with me, or I’ll do it on my own. The decision is yours. “While you wallow in your pit of self-pity and self-loathing, I’m going to work. And when I return I’ll be moving my belongings to the room upstairs.” He blinks at me, shocked. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to finish getting dressed.” I am breathing hard. Very slowly, Christian retreats one step, his demeanor hardening. “Is that what you want?” he whispers. “I don’t know what I want any more.” My tone mirrors his, and it takes a monumental effort to feign disinterest while I casually dip the tips of my fingers into my moisturizer and smooth it gently over my face. I peer at myself in the mirror. Blue eyes wide, face pale, but cheeks flushed. You’re doing great. Don’t back down now. Don’t back down now. “You don’t want me?” he whispers. Oh—no . . . oh no you don’t, Grey. “I’m still here aren’t I?” I snap. Taking my mascara, I apply some first to my right eye. “You’ve thought about leaving?” His words are barely audible. “When one’s husband prefers the company of his ex-mistress, it’s usually not a good sign.” I pitch the disdain at just the right level, evading his question. Lip gloss now. I pout my shiny lips at the image in the mirror. Stay strong, Steele . . . um—Grey. Holy fuck, I can’t even remember my name. I pick up my boots, stride over to the bed once more, and quickly put them on, tugging them up over my knees. Yep. I look hot just in underwear and boots. I know. Standing, I gaze dispassionately at him. He blinks at me, and his eyes travel swiftly and greedily down my body. “I know what you’re doing here,” he murmurs, and his voice has acquired a warm, seductive edge. “Do you?” And my voice cracks. No, Ana . . . hold on. He swallows and takes a step forward. I step back and hold my hands up. “Don’t even think about it, Grey,” I whisper menacingly. “You’re my wife,” he says softly, threateningly. “I’m the pregnant woman you abandoned yesterday, and if you touch me I will scream the place down.” His eyebrows rise in disbelief. “You’d scream?” “Bloody murder.” I narrow my eyes. “No one would hear you,” he murmurs, his gaze intense, and briefly I’m reminded of our morning in Aspen. No. No. No. “Are you trying to frighten me?” I mutter breathless, deliberately trying to derail him. It works. He stills and swallows. “That wasn’t my intention.” He frowns. I can barely breathe. If he touches me, I will succumb. I know the power he wields over me and over my traitorous body. I know. I hang on to my anger. “I had a drink with someone I used to be close to. We cleared the air. I am not going to see her again.” “You sought her out?” “Not at first. I tried to see Flynn. But I found myself at the salon.” “And you expect me to believe you’re not going to see her again?” I cannot contain my fury as I hiss
at him. “What about the next time I step across some imaginary line? This is the same argument we have over and over again. Like we’re on some Ixion’s wheel. If I fuck up again, are you going to run back to her?” “I am not going to see her again,” he says with a chilling finality. “She finally understands how I feel.” I blink at him. “What does that mean?” He straightens and runs a hand through his hair, exasperated and angry and mute. I try a different tack. “Why can you talk to her and not to me?” “I was mad at you. Like I am now.” “You don’t say!” I snap. “Well I am mad at you right now. Mad at you for being so cold and callous yesterday when I needed you. Mad at you for saying I got knocked up deliberately, when I didn’t. Mad at you for betraying me.” I manage to suppress a sob. His mouth drops open in shock, and he closes his eyes briefly as if I’d slapped him. I swallow. Calm down, Anastasia. “I should have kept better track of my shots. But I didn’t do it on purpose. This pregnancy is a shock to me, too.” I mutter, trying for a modicum of civility. “It could be that the shot failed.” He glares at me, silent. “You really fucked up yesterday,” I whisper, my anger boiling over. “I’ve had a lot to deal with over the last few weeks.” “You really fucked up three or four weeks ago. Or whenever you forgot your shot.” “Well, God forbid I should be perfect like you!” Oh stop, stop, stop. We stand glowering at each other. “This is quite a performance, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. “Well, I’m glad that even knocked up I’m entertaining.” He stares at me blankly. “I need a shower,” he murmurs. “And I’ve provided enough of a floor show.” “It’s a mighty fine floor show,” he whispers. He steps forward, and I step back again. “Don’t.” “I hate that you won’t let me touch you.” “Ironic, huh?” His eyes narrow once more. “We haven’t resolved much, have we?” “I’d say not. Except that I’m moving out of this bedroom.” His eyes flare and widen briefly. “She doesn’t mean anything to me.” “Except when you need her.” “I don’t need her. I need you.” “You didn’t yesterday. That woman is a hard limit for me, Christian.” “She’s out of my life.” “I wish I could believe you.” “For fuck’s sake, Ana.” “Please let me get dressed.” He sighs and runs a hand through his hair once more. “I’ll see you this evening,” he says, his voice bleak and devoid of feeling. And for a brief moment I want to take him in my arms and soothe him . . . but I resist because I’m just too mad. He turns and heads for the bathroom. I stand frozen until I hear the door close. I stagger to the bed and flop down on to it. My inner goddess and my subconscious are both giving
me a standing ovation. I did not resort to tears, shouting, or murder, nor did I succumb to his sexpertise. I deserve a Congressional Medal of Honor, but I feel so low. Shit. We resolved nothing. We’re on the edge of a precipice. Is our marriage is at stake here? Why can’t he see what a complete and utter ass he’s been running to that woman? And what does he mean when he says he’ll never see her again? How on earth am I supposed to believe that? I glance at the radio alarm—eight thirty. Shit! I’ll don’t want to be late. I take a deep breath. “Round Two was a stalemate, Little Blip,” I whisper, patting my belly. “Daddy may be a lost cause, but I hope not. Why, oh why, did you come so early, Little Blip? Things were just getting good.” My lip trembles, but I take a deep cleansing breath and bring my rolling emotions under control. “Come on. Let’s go kick ass at work.” I don’t say good-bye to Christian. He’s still in the shower when Sawyer and I leave. As I gaze out of the darkened windows of the SUV my composure slips and my eyes water. My mood is reflected in , the gray, dreary sky, and I feel a strange sense of foreboding. We didn’t actually discuss the baby. I have had less than twenty-four hours to assimilate the news of Little Blip. Christian has had even less time. “He doesn’t even know your name.” I caress my belly and wipe tears from my face. “Mrs. Grey.” Sawyer interrupts my reverie. “We’re here.” “Oh. Thanks, Sawyer.” “I’m going to make a run to the deli, ma’am. Can I get you anything?” “No. Thank you, no. I’m not hungry.” Hannah has my latte waiting for me. I take one sniff of it and my stomach roils. “Um . . .can I have tea, please?” I mutter, embarrassed. I knew there was a reason I never really liked coffee. Jeez, it smells foul. “You okay, Ana?” I nod and scurry into the safety of my office. My BlackBerry buzzes. It’s Kate. “Why was Christian looking for you?” she asks with no preamble at all. “Good morning, Kate. How are you?” “Cut the crap, Steele. What gives?” The Katherine Kavanagh Inquisition begins. “Christian and I had a fight, that’s all.” “Did he hurt you?” I roll my eyes. “Yes, but not the way you’re thinking.” I cannot deal with Kate at the moment. I know I will cry, and right now I am so proud of myself for not breaking down this morning. “Kate, I have a meeting. I’ll call you back.” “Good. You’re all right?” “Yes.” No. “I’ll call you later, okay?” “Okay, Ana, have it your own way. I’m here for you.” “I know,” I whisper and fight the backlash of emotion at her kind words. I am not going to cry. I am not going to cry. “Ray okay?” “Yes,” I whisper the word. “Oh, Ana,” she whispers. “Don’t.” “Okay. Talk later.”
“Yes.” During the course of the morning, I sporadically check my e-mails, hoping for word from Christian. But there’s nothing. As the day wears on, I realize that he’s not going to contact me at all and that he’s still mad. Well, I’m still mad, too. I throw myself into my work, pausing only at lunchtime for a cream cheese and salmon bagel. It’s extraordinary how much better I feel once I’ve eaten something. At five o’clock Sawyer and I set off for the hospital to see Ray. Sawyer is extra vigilant, and even oversolicitous. It’s irritating. As we approach Ray’s room, he hovers over me. “Shall I get you some tea while you visit with your father?” he asks. “No thanks, Sawyer. I’ll be fine.” “I’ll wait outside.” He opens the door for me, and I’m grateful to get away from him for a moment. Ray is sitting up in bed reading a magazine. He’s shaved, wearing a pajama top—he looks like his old self. “Hey, Annie.” He grins. And his face falls. “Oh, Daddy . . .” I rush to his side, and in a very uncharacteristic move, he opens his arms wide and hugs me. “Annie?” he whispers. “What is it?” He holds me tight and kisses my hair. As I’m in his arms, I realize how rare these moments between us have been. Why is that? Is that why I like to crawl into Christian’s lap? After a moment, I pull away from him and sit down in the chair beside the bed. Ray’s brow is furrowed with concern. “Tell your old man.” I shake my head. He doesn’t need my problems right now. “It’s nothing, Dad. You look well.” I clasp his hand. “Feeling more like myself, though this leg in a cast is bitchin’.” “Bitchin’?” His word prompts my smile. He smiles back. “Bitchin’ sounds better than itchin’.” “Oh, Dad, I am so glad you’re okay.” “Me, too, Annie. I’d like to bounce some grandchildren on this bitchin’ knee one day. Wouldn’t want to miss that for the world.” I blink at him. Shit. Does he know? And I fight the tears that prick the corners of my eyes. “You and Christian getting along?” “We had a fight,” I whisper, trying to speak past the knot in my throat. “We’ll work it out.” He nods. “He’s a fine man, your husband,” Ray says reassuringly. “He has his moments. What did the doctors say?” I don’t want to talk about my husband right now; he’s a painful topic of conversation. Back at Escala, Christian is not home. “Christian called and said that he’d be working late,” Mrs. Jones informs me apologetically. “Oh. Thanks for letting me know.” Why couldn’t he tell me? Jeez, he really is taking his sulk to a whole new level. I am briefly reminded of the fight over our wedding vows and the major tantrum he had then. But I’m the aggrieved one here. “What would you like to eat?” Mrs. Jones has a determined, steely glint in her eye. “Pasta.” She smiles. “Spaghetti, penne, fusilli?” “Spaghetti, your Bolognese.”
“Coming up. And Ana . . . you should know Mr. Grey was frantic this morning when he thought you’d left. He was beside himself.” She smiles fondly. Oh . . . He’s still not home by nine. I am sitting at my desk in the library, wondering where he is. I call him. “Ana,” he says, his voice cool. “Hi.” He inhales softly. “Hi,” he says, his voice lower. “Are you coming home?” “Later.” “Are you in the office?” “Yes. Where did you expect me to be?” With her. “I’ll let you go.” We both hang on the line, the silence stretching and tightening between us. “Goodnight, Ana,” he says eventually. “Goodnight, Christian.” He hangs up. Oh shit. I gaze at my BlackBerry. I don’t know what he expects me to do. I’m not going to let him walk all over me. Yes, he’s mad, fair enough. I’m mad. But we are where we are. I haven’t run off loose-lipped to my ex-paedo lover. I want him to acknowledge that that is not an acceptable way to behave. I sit back in my chair, gazing at the billiard table in the library, and recall fun times playing snooker. I place my hand on my belly. Maybe it’s just too early. Maybe this is not meant to be . . . And even as I think that, my subconscious is screaming no! If I terminate this pregnancy, I will never forgive myself—or Christian. “Oh, Blip, what have you done to us?” I can’t face talking to Kate. I can’t face talking to anyone. I text her, promising to call soon. By eleven, I can no longer keep my eyelids open. Resigned, I head up to my old room. Curling up beneath the duvet, I finally let myself go, sobbing into my pillow, great heaving unladylike sobs of grief . . . My head is heavy when I wake. Crisp fall light shines through the great windows of my room. Glancing at my alarm I see it’s seven thirty. My immediate thought is where’s Christian? I sit up and swing my legs out of bed. On the floor beside the bed is Christian’s silver-gray tie, my favorite. It wasn’t there when I went to bed last night. I pick it up and stare at it, caressing the silky material between my thumbs and forefingers, then hug it against my cheek. He was here, watching me sleep. And a glimmer of hope sparks deep inside me. Mrs. Jones is busy in the kitchen when I arrive downstairs. “Good morning,” she says brightly. “Morning. Christian?” I ask. Her face falls. “He’s already left.” “So he did come home?” I need to check, even though I have his tie as evidence. “He did,” she pauses, “Ana, please forgive me for speaking out of turn, but don’t give up on him. He’s a stubborn man.” I nod and she stops. I’m sure my expression tells her I do not want to discuss my errant husband right now.
When I arrive at work, I check my e-mails. My heart leaps into overdrive when I see there’s one from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Portland Date: September 15, 2011 06:45 To: Anastasia Grey Ana, I am flying down to Portland today. I have some business to conclude with WSU. I thought you would want to know. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh. Tears prick my eyes. That’s it? My stomach flips. Shit! I am going to be sick. I race to the powder room and make it just in time, depositing my breakfast into the toilet. I sink to the floor of the cubicle and put my head in my hands. Could I be any more miserable? After a while, there’s a gentle knock on the door. “Ana?” It’s Hannah. Fuck. “Yes?” “Are you okay?” “I’ll be out in a moment.” “Boyce Fox is here to see you.” Shit. “Show him into the meeting room. I’ll be there in a minute.” “Do you want some tea?” “Please.” After my lunch—another cream cheese and salmon bagel, which I manage to keep down—I sit staring listlessly at my computer, looking for inspiration and wondering how Christian and I are going to resolve this huge problem. My BlackBerry buzzes, making me jump. I glance at the screen—it’s Mia. Jeez, that’s all I need, her gushing and enthusiasm. I hesitate, wondering if I could just ignore it, but courtesy wins out. “Mia,” I answer brightly. “Well, hello there, Ana—long time no speak.” The male voice is familiar. Fuck! My scalp prickles and all the hair on my body stands to attention as adrenaline floods through my system and my world stops spinning. It’s Jack Hyde.
“Jack.” My voice has disappeared, choked by fear. How is he out of jail? Why does he have Mia’s phone? The blood drains from my face, and I feel dizzy. “You do remember me,” he says, his tone soft. I sense his bitter smile. “Yes. Of course.” My answer is automatic as my mind races. “You’re probably wondering why I called you.” “Yes.” Hang up. “Don’t hang up. I’ve been having a chat with your little sister-in-law.” What? Mia! No! “What have you done?” I whisper, trying to quell my fear. “Listen here, you prick-teasing, gold-digging whore. You fucked up my life. Grey fucked up my life. You owe me. I have the little bitch with me now. And you, that cock-sucker you married, and his whole fucking family are going to pay.” Hyde’s contempt and bile shock me. His family? What the hell? “What do you want?” “I want his money. I really want his fucking money. If things had been different, it could have been me. So you’re going to get it for me. I want five million dollars, today.” “Jack, I don’t have access to that kind of money.” He snorts his derision. “You have two hours to get it. That’s it—two hours. Tell no one or this little bitch gets it. Not the cops. Not your prick of a husband. Not his security team. I will know if you do. Understand?” He pauses and I try to respond, but panic and fear seal my throat. “You understand!” he shouts. “Yes,” I whisper. “Or I will kill her.” I gasp. “Keep your phone with you. Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her. You have two hours.” “Jack, I need longer. Three hours. How do I know that you have her?” The line goes dead. I gape in horror at the phone, my mouth parched with fear, leaving the nasty metallic taste of terror. Mia, he has Mia. Or does he? My mind whirrs at the obscene possibility, and my stomach roils again. I think I’m going to be sick, but I inhale deeply, trying to steady my panic, and the nausea passes. My mind rockets through the possibilities. Tell Christian? Tell Taylor? Call the
police? How will Jack know? Does he actually have Mia? I need time, time to think—but I can only accomplish that by following his instructions. I grab my purse and head for the door. “Hannah, I have to go out. I am not sure how long I’ll be. Cancel my appointments this afternoon. Let Elizabeth know I have to deal with an emergency.” “Sure, Ana. Everything okay?” Hannah frowns, concern etched on her face as she watches me flee. “Yes,” I call back distractedly, hurrying toward reception where Sawyer is waiting. “Sawyer.” He leaps up from the armchair at the sound of my voice, and frowns when he sees my face. “I’m not feeling well. Please take me home.” “Sure, ma’am. Do you want to wait here while I get the car?” “No, I’ll come with you. I’m in a hurry to get home.” I gaze out the window in stark terror as I go over my plan. Get home. Change. Find checkbook. Escape from Ryan and Sawyer somehow. Go to bank. Hell, how much room does five million dollars take up? What will it weigh? Will I need a suitcase? Should I telephone the bank in advance? Mia. Mia. What if he doesn’t have Mia? How can I check? If I call Grace it will raise her suspicions, and possibly endanger Mia. He said he would know. I glance out the back window of the SUV Am I . being followed? My heart races as I examine the cars following us. They look innocuous enough. Oh, Sawyer, drive faster. Please. My eyes flicker to meet his in the rearview mirror and his brow creases. Sawyer presses a button on his Bluetooth headset to answer a call. “T . . . I wanted to let you know Mrs. Grey is with me.” Sawyer’s eyes meet mine once more before he looks back at the road and continues. “She’s unwell. I’m taking her back to Escala . . . I see . . . Sir.” Sawyer’s eyes flick from the road to mine in the rearview mirror again. “Yes,” he agrees and hangs up. “Taylor?” I whisper. He nods. “He’s with Mr. Grey?” “Yes, ma’am.” Sawyer’s look softens in sympathy. “Are they still in Portland?” “Yes, ma’am.” Good. I have to keep Christian safe. My hand strays down to my belly, and I rub it consciously. And you, Little Blip. Keep you both safe. “Can we hurry please? I’m not feeling well.” “Yes, ma’am.” Sawyer presses the accelerator and our car glides through the traffic. Mrs. Jones is nowhere to be seen when Sawyer and I arrive at the apartment. Since her car is missing from the garage, I assume she’s running errands with Ryan. Sawyer heads for Taylor’s office while I bolt to Christian’s study. Stumbling in panic around his desk, I wrench open the drawer to find the checkbooks. Leila’s gun slides forward into view. I feel an incongruous twinge of annoyance that Christian has not secured this weapon. He knows nothing about guns. Jeez, he could get hurt. After a moment’s hesitation, I grab the pistol, check to ensure it’s loaded, and tuck it into the waistband of my black slacks. I may need it. I swallow hard. I’ve only ever practiced on targets. I’ve never fired a gun at anyone; I hope Ray will forgive me. I turn my attention to tracking down the right checkbook. There are five, and only one is in the names of C. Grey and Mrs. A. Grey. I have about fifty-four thousand dollars in my own account. I have no idea how much money is in this one. But
Christian must be good for five million dollars, surely. Perhaps there’s money in the safe? Crap. I have no idea of the number. Didn’t he mention the combination was it his filing cabinet? I try the cabinet, but it’s locked. Shit. I’ll have to stick to plan A. I take a deep breath and, in a more composed but determined manner, stride to our bedroom. The bed has been made, and for a moment, I feel a pang. Perhaps I should have slept here last night. What is the point of arguing with someone who, by their own admission, is Fifty Shades? He’s not even talking to me now. No—I do not have time to think about this. Quickly, I change out of my slacks, pulling on jeans, a hooded sweatshirt, and a pair of sneakers and put the gun in the waistband of my jeans, at my back. From the closet I fish out a large soft duffle bag. Will five million dollars fit into this? Christian’s gym bag is lying there on the floor. I open it, expecting to find it full of dirty laundry, but no—his gym kit is clean and fresh. Mrs. Jones does indeed get everywhere. I dump the contents onto the floor and stuff his gym bag into my duffle. There, that should do it. I check that I have my driver’s license as identification for the bank and check the time. It’s been thirty-one minutes since Jack called. Now I just have to get out of Escala without Sawyer seeing me. I make my way slowly and quietly to the foyer, aware of the CCTV camera which is trained on the elevator. I think Sawyer’s still in Taylor’s office. Cautiously, I open the foyer door, making as little noise as possible. Shutting it quietly behind me, I stand on the very threshold, up against the door, out of the view of the CCTV lens. I fish my cell phone out of my purse and call Sawyer. “Mrs. Grey.” “Sawyer, I’m in the room upstairs, will you give me a hand with something?” I keep my voice low, knowing he’s just down the hallway on the other side of this door. “I’ll be right with you, ma’am,” he says, and I hear his confusion. I’ve never telephoned him for help before. My heart is in my throat, pounding in a jarring, frenetic rhythm. Will this work? I hang up and listen as his footsteps cross the hallway and go up the stairs. I take another deep steadying breath and briefly contemplate the irony of escaping from my own home like a felon. Once Sawyer’s reached the upstairs landing, I race to the elevator and punch the call button. The doors slide open with the too-loud ping that announces the elevator is ready. I dash inside and frantically stab the button for the basement garage. After an agonizing pause, the doors slowly start to slide shut, and as they do I hear Sawyer’s cries. “Mrs. Grey!” Just as the elevator doors close, I see him skid into the foyer. “Ana!” he shouts in disbelief. But he’s too late, and he disappears from view. The elevator sinks smoothly down to the garage level. I have a couple of minutes’ start on Sawyer, and I know he’ll try to stop me. I glance longingly at my R8 as I rush to the Saab, open the door, toss the duffel bag onto the passenger seat, and slide into the driver’s seat. I start the car, and the tires squeal as I race to the entrance and wait eleven agonizing seconds for the barrier to lift. The instant it’s clear I drive out, catching sight of Sawyer in my rearview mirror as he dashes out of service elevator into the garage. His bewildered, injured expression haunts me as I turn off the ramp onto Fourth Avenue. I let out my long held breath. I know Sawyer will call Christian or Taylor, but I’ll deal with that when I have to—I don’t have time to dwell on it now. I squirm uncomfortably in my seat, knowing in my heart of hearts that Sawyer’s probably lost his job. Don’t dwell. I have to save Mia. I have to get to the bank and collect five million dollars. I glance in the rearview mirror, nervously anticipating the sight of the SUV bursting forth from the garage, but as I drive away, there’s no sign of Sawyer.
The bank is sleek, modern, and understated. There are hushed tones, echoing floors, and pale green etched glass everywhere. I stride to the information desk. “May I help you, ma’am?” The young woman gives me a bright, insincere smile, and for a moment I regret changing into jeans. “I’d like to withdraw a large sum of money.” Ms. Insincere Smile arches an even more insincere eyebrow. “You have an account with us?” She fails to hide her sarcasm. “Yes,” I snap. “My husband and I have several accounts here. His name is Christian Grey.” Her eyes widen fractionally and insincerity gives way to shock. Her eyes sweep up and down me once more, this time with a combination of disbelief and awe. “This way, ma’am,” she whispers, and leads me to a small, sparsely furnished office walled with more green-etched glass. “Please take a seat.” She gestures to a black leather chair by a glass desk bearing a state-of-the-art computer and phone. “How much will you be withdrawing today, Mrs. Grey?” she asks pleasantly. “Five million dollars.” I look her straight in the eye as if I ask for this amount of cash every day. She blanches. “I see. I’ll fetch the manager. Oh, forgive me for asking, but do you have ID?” “I do. But I’d like to speak to the manager.” “Of course, Mrs. Grey.” She scurries out. I sink into the seat, and a wave of nausea washes over me as the gun presses uncomfortably into the small of my back. Not now. I can’t be sick now. I take a deep cleansing breath, and the wave passes. Nervously, I check my watch. Twenty-five past two. A middle-aged man enters the room. He has a receding hairline, but wears a sharp, expensive charcoal suit and matching tie. He holds out his hand. “Mrs. Grey. I’m Troy Whelan.” He smiles, we shake, and he sits down at the desk opposite me. “My colleague tells me you’d like to withdraw a large amount of money.” “That’s correct. Five million dollars.” He turns to his sleek computer and taps in a few numbers. “We normally ask for some notice for large amounts of money.” He pauses, and flashes me a reassuring but supercilious smile. “Fortunately, however, we hold the cash reserve for the entire Pacific Northwest,” he boasts. Jeez, is he trying to impress me? “Mr. Whelan, I’m in a hurry. What do I need to do? I have my driver’s license, and our joint account checkbook. Do I just write a check?” “First things first, Mrs. Grey. May I see the ID?” He switches from jovial show-off to serious banker. “Here.” I hand over my license. “Mrs. Grey . . . this says Anastasia Steele.” Oh shit. “Oh . . . yes. Um.” “I’ll call Mr. Grey.” “Oh no, that won’t be necessary.” Shit! “I must have something with my married name.” I rifle through my purse. What do I have with my name on it? I pull out my wallet, open it and find a photograph of Christian and me, on the bed in Fair Lady’s cabin. I can’t show him that! I dig out my black Amex. “Here.” “Mrs. Anastasia Grey,” Whelan reads. “Yes, that should do.” He frowns. “This is highly irregular, Mrs. Grey.
“Do you want me to let my husband know that your bank has been less than cooperative?” I square my shoulders and give him my most forbidding stare. He pauses, momentarily reassessing me, I think. “You’ll need to write a check, Mrs. Grey.” “Sure. This account?” I show him my checkbook, trying to quell my pounding heart “That’ll be fine. I’ll also need you to complete some additional paperwork. If you’ll excuse me for a moment?” I nod, and he rises and stalks out of the office. Again, I release my held breath. I had no idea this would be so difficult. Clumsily, I open my checkbook and pull a pen out of my purse. Do I just make it out to cash? I have no idea. With shaking fingers I write: Five million dollars. $5,000,000. Oh God, I hope I’m doing the right thing. Mia, think of Mia. I can’t tell anyone. Jack’s chilling, repugnant words haunt me. “Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her.” Mr. Whelan returns, pale-faced and sheepish. “Mrs. Grey? Your husband wants to speak with you,” he murmurs and points to the phone on the glass table between us. What? No. “He’s on line one. Just press the button. I’ll be outside.” He has the grace to look embarrassed. Benedict Arnold has nothing on Whelan. I scowl at him, feeling the blood drain from my face again as he shuffles out of the office. Shit! Shit! Shit! What am I going to say to Christian? He’ll know. He’ll intervene. He’s a danger to his sister. My hand trembles as I reach for the phone. I hold it against my ear, trying to calm my erratic breathing, and press the button for line one. “Hi,” I murmur, trying in vain to steady my nerves. “You’re leaving me?” Christian’s words are an agonized, breathless whisper. What? “No!” My voice mirrors his. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no—how can he think that? The money? He thinks I’m going because of the money? And in moment of horrific clarity, I realize the only way I’m going to keep Christian at arm’s length, out of harm’s way, and to save his sister . . . is to lie. “Yes,” I whisper. And searing pain lances through me, tears springing to my eyes. He gasps, almost a sob. “Ana, I—” He chokes. No! My hand clutches my mouth as I stifle my warring emotions. “Christian, please. Don’t.” I fight back tears. “You’re going?” he says. “Yes.” “But why the cash? Was it always the money?” His tortured voice is barely audible. No! Tears roll down my face. “No,” I whisper. “Is five million enough?” Oh please, stop! “Yes.” “And the baby?” His voice is a breathless echo. What? My hand moves from my mouth to my belly. “I’ll take care of the baby,” I murmur. My Little Blip . . . our Little Blip. “This is what you want?” No! “Yes.” He inhales sharply. “Take it all,” he hisses.
“Christian,” I sob. “It’s for you. For your family. Please. Don’t.” “Take it all, Anastasia.” “Christian—” And I nearly cave. Nearly tell him—about Jack, about Mia, about the ransom. Just trust me, please! I silently beg him. “I’ll always love you.” His voice is hoarse. He hangs up. “Christian! No . . . I love you, too.” And all the stupid shit that we put each other through over the last few days fades into insignificance. I promised I’d never leave him. I am not leaving you. I am saving your sister. I slump into the chair, weeping copiously into my hands. I am interrupted by a timid knock on the door. Whelan enters, though I haven’t acknowledged him. He looks everywhere but at me. He’s mortified. You called him, you bastard! I glare at him. “You have carte blanche, Mrs. Grey,” he says. “Mr. Grey has agreed to liquefy some of his assets. He says you can have whatever you need.” “I just need five million dollars,” I mutter through gritted teeth. “Yes ma’am. Are you all right?” “Do I look all right?” I snap. “I’m sorry, ma’am. Some water?” I nod, sullenly. I have just left my husband. Well, Christian thinks I have. My subconscious purses her lips. Because you told him so. “I’ll have my colleague bring you some while I prepare the money. If you could just sign here, ma’am . . . and make the check out to cash and sign that, too.” He places a form on the table. I scrawl my signature along the dotted line of the check, then the form. Anastasia Grey. Teardrops fall on the desk, narrowly missing the paperwork. “I’ll take those, ma’am. It will take us about half an hour to prepare the money.” I quickly check my watch. Jack said two hours—that should take us to two hours. I nod to Whelan, and he tiptoes out of the office, leaving me to my misery. A few moments, minutes, hours later—I don’t know—Miss Insincere Smile reenters with a carafe of water and a glass. “Mrs. Grey,” she says softly as she places the glass on the desk and fills it. “Thank you.” I take the glass and drink gratefully. She exits, leaving me with my jumbled, frightened thoughts. I will fix things with Christian somehow . . . if it’s not too late. At least he’s out of the picture. Right now I have to concentrate on Mia. Suppose Jack is lying? Suppose he doesn’t have her? Surely I should call the police. “Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her.” I can’t. I sit back in the chair, feeling the reassuring presence of Leila’s pistol at my waist, digging into my back. Who would have thought I’d ever feel grateful that Leila once pulled a gun on me? Oh, Ray, I’m so glad you taught me how to shoot. Ray! I gasp. He’ll be expecting me to visit this evening. Perhaps I can simply dump the money with Jack. He can run while I take Mia home. Oh, this sounds absurd! My BlackBerry jumps to life, “Your Love is King” filling the room. Oh no! What does Christian want? To twist the knife in my wounds? “Was it always the money?” Oh, Christian—how could you think that? Anger flares in my gut. Yes, anger. It helps. I send the call to voice mail. I’ll deal with my husband later. There’s a knock on the door.
“Mrs. Grey.” It’s Whelan. “The money is ready.” “Thank you.” I stand up and the room spins momentarily. I clutch the chair. “Mrs. Grey, are you feeling okay?” I nod and give him a back-off-now-mister stare. I take another deep calming breath. I have to do this. I have to do this. I must save Mia. I pull the hem of my hooded sweatshirt down, concealing the butt of the pistol in the back of my jeans. Mr. Whelan frowns but holds open the door, and I propel myself forward on my shaking limbs. Sawyer is waiting at the entrance, scanning the public area. Shit! Our eyes meet, and he frowns at me, gauging my reaction. Oh, he’s mad. I hold up my index finger in a with-you-in-a-minute gesture. He nods and answers a call on his cell phone. Shit! I bet that’s Christian. I turn abruptly, almost colliding with Whelan right behind me, and bolt back into the little office. “Mrs. Grey?” Whelan sounds confused as he follows me back in. Sawyer could blow this whole plan. I gaze up at Whelan. “There’s someone out there I don’t want to see. Someone following me.” Whelan’s eyes widen. “Do you want me to call the police?” “No!” Holy fuck, no. What am I going to do? I glance at my watch. It’s nearly three fifteen. Jack will call any moment. Think, Ana, think! Whelan gazes at me in growing desperation and bewilderment. He must think I’m crazy. You are crazy, my subconscious snaps. “I need to make a call. Could you give me some privacy, please?” “Certainly,” Whelan answers—grateful, I think, to leave the room. When he’s closed the door, I call Mia’s cell phone with trembling fingers. “Well, if it isn’t my paycheck,” Jack answers scornfully. I don’t have time for his bullshit. “I have a problem.” “I know. Your security followed you to the bank.” What? How the hell does he know? “You’ll have to lose him. I have a car waiting at the back of the bank. Black SUV a Dodge. You , have three minutes to get there.” The Dodge! “It may take longer than three minutes.” My heart leaps into my throat once more. “You’re bright for a gold-digging whore, Grey. You figure it out. And dump your cell phone once you reach the vehicle. Got it, bitch?” “Yes.”“Say it!” he snaps. “I’ve got it.” He hangs up. Shit! I open the door to find Whelan waiting patiently outside. “Mr. Whelan, I’ll need some help taking the bags to my car. It’s parked outside, at the back of the bank. Do you have an exit at the rear?” He frowns. “We do, yes. For staff.” “Can we leave that way? I can avoid the unwelcome attention at the door.” “As you wish, Mrs. Grey. I’ll have two clerks help with the bags and two security guards to supervise. If you could follow me?” “I have one more favor to ask you.” “By all means, Mrs. Grey.”
Two minutes later my entourage and I are out on the street, heading over to the Dodge. Its windows are blacked out, and I can’t tell who’s at the wheel. But as we approach, the driver’s door swings open, and a woman clad in black with a black cap pulled low over her face climbs gracefully out of the car. Elizabeth! She moves to the rear of the SUV and opens the trunk. The two young bank clerks carrying the money sling the heavy bags into the back. “Mrs. Grey.” She has the nerve to smile as if we are off on a friendly jaunt. “Elizabeth.” My greeting is arctic. “Nice to see you outside work.” Mr. Whelan clears this throat. “Well, it’s been an interesting afternoon, Mrs. Grey,” he says. And I am forced to observe the social niceties of shaking his hand and thanking him while my mind reels. Elizabeth? What the hell? Why is she mixed up with Jack? Whelan and his team disappear back into the bank, leaving me alone with the head of personnel at SIP who’s involved in kidnapping, extortion, and very possibly other felonies. Why? Elizabeth opens the rear passenger door and ushers me in. “Your phone, Mrs. Grey?” she asks, watching me warily. I hand it to her, and she tosses it into a nearby trashcan. “That will throw the dogs off the scent,” she says smugly. Who is this woman? Elizabeth slams my door shut and climbs into the driver’s seat. I glance anxiously behind me as she pulls out into the traffic, going east. Sawyer is nowhere to be seen. “Elizabeth, you have the money. Call Jack. Tell him to let Mia go.” “I think he wants to thank you in person.” Shit! I glare at her stonily in the rearview mirror. She pales and an anxious scowl mars her otherwise lovely face. “Why are you doing this, Elizabeth? I thought you didn’t like Jack.” She glances at me again briefly in the mirror, and I see a fleeting look of pain in her eyes. “Ana, we’ll get along just fine if you keep your mouth shut.” “But you can’t do this. This is so wrong.” “Quiet,” she says, but I sense her unease. “Does he have some kind of hold on you?” I ask. Her eyes shoot to mine and she slams on the brakes, throwing me forward so hard I hit my face against the headrest of the front seat. “I said be quiet,” she snarls. “And I suggest you put on your seatbelt.” And in that moment I know that he does. Something so awful that she’s prepared to do this for him. I wonder briefly what that could be. Theft from the company? Something from her private life? Something sexual? I shudder at the thought. Christian said that none of Jack’s PAs would talk. Perhaps it’s the same story with all of them. That’s why he wanted to fuck me, too. Bile rises in my throat with revulsion at the thought. Elizabeth heads away from downtown Seattle and up into the hills to the east. Before long we’re driving through residential streets. I catch sight of one of the street signs: SO U T H IRVING STREET . She takes a sharp left onto a deserted street with a dilapidated children’s playground on one side and a large concrete parking lot flanked by a row of squat, empty brick buildings on the other. Elizabeth pulls into the parking lot and stops outside the last of the brick units. She turns to me. “Showtime,” she murmurs. My scalp prickles as fear and adrenaline course through my body. “You don’t have to do this,” I whisper back. Her mouth flattens into a grim line, and she climbs out of the car.
This is for Mia. This is for Mia. I quickly pray, Please let her be okay, please let her be okay. “Get out,” Elizabeth snaps, yanking the rear passenger door open. Shit. As I clamber out, my legs are shaking so hard I wonder if I can stand. The cool late-afternoon breeze carries the scent of the coming fall and the chalky, dusty smell of derelict buildings. “Well, lookee here.” Jack emerges from a small, boarded-up doorway on the left of the building. His hair is short. He’s removed his earrings and he’s wearing a suit. A suit? He ambles toward me, oozing arrogance and hate. My heart rate spikes. “Where’s Mia?” I stammer, my mouth so dry I can hardly form the words. “First things first, bitch,” Jack sneers, coming to a halt in front of me. I can practically taste his contempt. “The money?” Elizabeth is checking the bags in the trunk. “There’s a hell of a lot of cash here,” she says in awe, zipping and unzipping each bag. “And her cell?” “In the trash.” “Good,” Jack snarls, and from nowhere he lashes out, backhanding me hard across the face. The ferocious, unprovoked blow knocks me to the ground, and my head bounces with a sickening thud off the concrete. Pain explodes in my head, my eyes fill with tears, and my vision blurs as the shock of the impact resonates, unleashing agony that pulses through my skull. I scream a silent cry of suffering and shocked terror. Oh no—Little Blip. Jack follows through with a swift, vicious kick to my ribs, and my breath is blasted from my lungs by the force of the blow. Scrunching my eyes tightly, I try to fight the nausea and pain, to fight for a precious breath. Little Blip, Little Blip, oh my Little Blip— “That’s for SIP, you fucking bitch!” Jack screams. I pull my legs up, huddling into a ball and anticipating the next blow. No. No. No. “Jack!” Elizabeth screeches. “Not here. Not in broad daylight for fuck’s sake!” He pauses. “The bitch deserves it!” he gloats to Elizabeth. And it gives me one precious second to reach around and pull the gun from the waistband of my jeans. Shakily, I aim at him, squeeze the trigger, and fire. The bullet hits him just above the knee, and he collapses in front of me, crying out in agony, clutching his thigh as his fingers redden with his blood. “Fuck!” Jack bellows. I turn to face Elizabeth, and she’s gaping at me in horror and raising her hands above her head. She blurs . . . darkness closes in. Shit . . . She’s at the end of a tunnel. Darkness consuming her. Consuming me. From far away, all hell breaks loose. Cars screeching . . . brakes . . . doors . . . shouting . . . running . . . footsteps. The gun drops from my hand. “Ana!” Christian’s voice . . . Christian’s voice . . . Christian’s agonized voice. Mia . . . save Mia. “ANA!” Darkness . . . peace.
There is only pain. My head, my chest . . . burning pain. My side, my arm. Pain. Pain and hushed words in the gloom. Where am I? Though I try, I cannot open my eyes. The whispered words become clearer . . . a beacon in the darkness. “Her ribs are bruised, Mr. Grey, and she has a hairline fracture to her skull, but her vital signs are stable and strong.” “Why is she still unconscious?” “Mrs. Grey has had a major contusion to her head. But her brain activity is normal, and she has no cerebral swelling. She’ll wake when she’s ready. Just give her some time.” “And the baby?” The words are anguished, breathless. “The baby’s fine, Mr. Grey.” “Oh, thank God.” The words are a litany . . . a prayer. “Oh, thank God.” Oh my. He’s worried about the baby . . . the baby? . . . Little Blip. Of course. My Little Blip. I try in vain to move my hand to my belly. Nothing moves, nothing responds. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” Little Blip is safe. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” He cares about the baby. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” He wants the baby. Oh thank God. I relax, and unconsciousness claims me once more, stealing me away from the pain. Everything is heavy and aching: limbs, head, eyelids, nothing will move. My eyes and mouth are resolutely shut, unwilling to open, leaving me blind and mute and aching. As I surface from the fog, consciousness hovers, a seductive siren just out of reach. Sounds become voices. “I’m not leaving her.” Christian! He’s here . . . I will myself to wake—his voice is strained, an agonized whisper. “Christian, you should sleep.” “No, Dad. I want to be here when she wakes up.” “I’ll sit with her. It’s the least I can do after she saved my daughter.” Mia!
“How’s Mia?” “She’s groggy . . . scared and angry. It’ll be a few hours before the Rohypnol is completely out of her system.” “Christ.” “I know. I’m feeling seven kinds of foolish for relenting on her security. You warned me, but Mia is so stubborn. If it wasn’t for Ana here . . .” “We all thought Hyde was out of the picture. And my crazy, stupid wife—Why didn’t she tell me?” Christian’s voice is full of anguish. “Christian, calm down. Ana’s a remarkable young woman. She was incredibly brave.” “Brave and headstrong and stubborn and stupid.” His voice cracks. “Hey,” Carrick murmurs, “don’t be so hard on her, or yourself, son . . . I’d better get back to your mom. It’s after three in the morning, Christian. You really should try to sleep.” The fog closes in. The fog lifts but I have no sense of time. “If you don’t take her across your knee, I sure as hell will. What the hell was she thinking?” “Trust me, Ray, I just might do that.” Dad! He’s here. I fight the fog . . . fight . . . But I spiral down once more into oblivion. No . . . “Detective, as you can see, my wife is no state to answer any of your questions.” Christian is angry. “She’s a headstrong young woman, Mr. Grey.” “I wish she’d killed the fucker.” “That would have meant more paperwork for me, Mr. Grey . . .” “Miss Morgan is singing like the proverbial canary. Hyde’s a real twisted son of a bitch. He has a serious grudge against your father and you . . .” The fog surrounds me once more, and I’m dragged down . . . down. No! “What do you mean you weren’t talking?” It’s Grace. She sounds angry. I try to move my head, but I’m met with a resounding, listless silence from my body. “What did you do?” “Mom—” “Christian! What did you do?” “I was so angry.” It’s almost a sob . . . No. “Hey . . .” The world dips and blurs and I’m gone. I hear soft garbled voices. “You told me you’d cut all ties.” Grace is talking. Her voice is quiet, admonishing. “I know.” Christian sounds resigned. “But seeing her finally put it all in perspective for me. You know . . . with the child. For the first time I felt . . . What we did . . . it was wrong.” “What she did darling . . . Children will do that to you. Make you look at the world in a different light.” “She finally got the message . . . and so did I . . . I hurt Ana,” he whispers. “We always hurt the ones we love, darling. You’ll have to tell her you’re sorry. And mean it and give her time.”
“She said she was leaving me.” No. No. No! “Did you believe her?” “At first, yes.” “Darling, you always believe the worst of everyone, including yourself. You always have. Ana loves you very much, and it’s obvious you love her.” “She was mad at me.” “I’m sure she was. I’m pretty mad at you right now. I think you can only be truly mad at someone you really love.” “I thought about it, and she’s shown me over and over how much she loves me . . . to the point of putting her own life in danger.” “Yes, she has, darling.” “Oh, Mom, why won’t she wake up?” His voice cracks. “I nearly lost her.” Christian! There are muffled sobs. No . . . Oh . . . the darkness closes in. No— “It’s taken twenty-four years for you to let me hold you like this . . .” “I know, Mom . . . I’m glad we talked.” “Me too, darling. I’m always here. I can’t believe I’m going to be a grandmother.” Grandma! Sweet oblivion beckons. Hmm. His stubble softly scrapes the back of my hand as he squeezes my fingers. “Oh, baby, please come back to me. I’m sorry. Sorry for everything. Just wake up. I miss you. I love you . . .” I try. I try. I want to see him. But my body disobeys me, and I fall asleep once more. I have a pressing need to pee. I open my eyes. I’m in the clean, sterile environment of a hospital room. It’s dark except for a sidelight, and all is quiet. My head and my chest ache, but more than that, my bladder is bursting. I need to pee. I test my limbs. My right arm smarts, and I notice the IV attached to it on the inside of my elbow. I shut my eyes quickly. Turning my head—I’m pleased that it responds to my will—I open my eyes again. Christian is asleep, sitting beside me and leaning on my bed with his head on his folded arms. I reach out, grateful once more that my body responds, and run my fingers through his soft hair. He startles awake, raising his head so suddenly my hand falls weakly back onto the bed. “Hi,” I croak. “Oh, Ana.” His voice is choked and relieved. He grasps my hand, squeezing it tightly and holding it up against his rough, stubbled cheek. “I need to use the bathroom,” I whisper. He gapes then frowns at me for a moment. “Okay.” I struggle to sit up. “Ana, stay still. I’ll call a nurse.” He quickly stands, alarmed, and reaches for a buzzer on the bedside. “Please,” I whisper. Why do I ache everywhere? “I need to get up.” Jeez, I feel so weak. “Will you do as you’re told for once?” he snaps, exasperated.
“I really need to pee,” I rasp. My throat and mouth are so dry. A nurse bustles into the room. She must be in her fifties, though her hair is jet black. She wears overlarge pearl earrings. “Mrs. Grey welcome back. I’ll let Dr. Bartley know you’re awake.” She makes her way to my bedside. “My name is Nora. Do you know where you are?” “Yes. Hospital. I need to pee.” “You have a catheter.” What? Oh this is gross. I glance anxiously at Christian then back to the nurse. “Please. I want to get up.” “Mrs. Grey.” “Please.” “Ana,” Christian warns. I struggle to sit up once more. “Let me remove your catheter. Mr. Grey I am sure Mrs. Grey would like some privacy.” She looks pointedly at Christian, dismissing him. “I’m not going anywhere.” He glares back at her. “Christian, please,” I whisper, reaching out and grasping his hand. Briefly he squeezes my hand then gives me an exasperated look. “Please,” I beg. “Fine!” he snaps and runs his hand through his hair. “You have two minutes,” he hisses at the nurse, and he leans down and kisses my forehead before turning on his heel and leaving the room. Christian bursts back into the room two minutes later as Nurse Nora is helping me out of bed. I’m dressed in a thin hospital gown. I don’t remember being stripped. “Let me take her,” he says and strides toward us. “Mr. Grey, I can manage.” Nurse Nora scolds him. He gives her a hostile glare. “Dammit, she’s my wife. I’ll take her.” He says through gritted teeth as he moves the IV stand out of his way. “Mr. Grey!” she protests. He ignores her, leans down, and gently lifts me off the bed. I wrap my arms around his neck, my body complaining. Jeez, I ache everywhere. He carries me to the en suite bathroom while Nurse Nora follows us, pushing the IV stand. “Mrs. Grey, you’re too light,” he mutters disapprovingly as he sets me gently on my feet. I sway. My legs feel like Jell-O. Christian flips the light switch, and I’m momentarily blinded by the fluorescent lamp that pings and flickers to life. “Sit before you fall,” he snaps, still holding me. Tentatively, I sit down on the toilet. “Go.” I try to wave him out. “No. Just pee, Ana.” Could this be any more embarrassing? “I can’t, not with you here.” “You might fall.” “Mr. Grey!” We both ignore the nurse. “Please,” I beg. He raises his hands in defeat. “I’ll stand outside, door open.” He takes a couple of paces back until he’s standing just outside the door with the angry nurse. “Turn around, please,” I ask. Why do I feel so ridiculously shy with this man? He rolls his eyes but
complies. And when his back is turned . . . I let go, and savor the relief. I take stock of my injuries. My head hurts, my chest aches where Jack kicked me, and my side throbs where he pushed me to the ground. Plus I’m thirsty and hungry. Jeez, really hungry. I finish up, thankful that I don’t have to get up to wash my hands, as the sink is close. I just don’t have the strength to stand. “I’m done,” I call, drying my hands on the towel. Christian turns and comes back in and before I know it, I’m in his arms again. I have missed these arms. He pauses and buries his nose in my hair. “Oh, I’ve missed you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers, and with Nurse Nora fussing behind him, he lays me back on the bed and releases me—reluctantly, I think. “If you’ve quite finished, Mr. Grey, I’d like to check over Mrs. Grey now.” Nurse Nora is mad. He stands back. “She’s all yours,” he says in a more measured tone. She huffs at him then turns her attention back to me. Exasperating isn’t he? “How do you feel?” she asks me her voice laced with sympathy and a trace of irritation, which I suspect is for Christian’s benefit. “Sore and thirsty. Very thirsty,” I whisper. “I’ll fetch you some water once I’ve checked your vitals and Dr. Bartley has examined you.” She reaches for a blood pressure cuff and wraps it around my upper arm. I glance anxiously up at Christian. He looks dreadful—haunted, even—as if he hasn’t slept for days. His hair is a mess, he hasn’t shaved for a long time, and his shirt is badly wrinkled. I frown. “How are you feeling?” Ignoring the nurse, he sits down on the bed out of arm’s reach. “Confused. Achy. Hungry.” “Hungry?” He blinks in surprise. I nod. “What do you want to eat?” “Anything. Soup.” “Mr. Grey, you’ll need the doctor’s approval before Mrs. Grey can eat.” He gazes at her impassively for a moment then takes his BlackBerry out of his pants pocket and presses a number. “Ana wants chicken soup . . . Good . . . Thank you.” He hangs up. I glance at Nora whose eyes narrow at Christian. “Taylor?” I ask quickly. Christian nods. “Your blood pressure is normal, Mrs. Grey. I’ll fetch the doctor.” She removes the cuff and, without so much as another word, stalks out of the room, radiating disapproval. “I think you made Nurse Nora mad.” “I have that effect on women.” He smirks. I laugh, then stop suddenly as pain radiates through my chest. “Yes, you do.” “Oh, Ana, I love to hear you laugh.” Nora returns with a pitcher of water. We both fall silent, gazing at each other as she pours out a glass and hands it to me. “Small sips now,” she warns. “Yes, ma’am,” I mutter and take a welcome sip of cool water. Oh my. It tastes perfect. I take another, and Christian watches me intently.
“Mia?” I ask. “She’s safe. Thanks to you.” “They did have her?” “Yes.” All the madness was for a reason. Relief spirals through my body. Thank God, thank God, thank God she’s okay. I frown. “How did they get her?” “Elizabeth Morgan,” he says simply. “No!” He nods. “She picked her up at Mia’s gym.” I frown, still not understanding. “Ana, I’ll fill you in on the details later. Mia is fine, all things considered. She was drugged. She’s groggy now and shaken up, but by some miracle she wasn’t harmed.” Christian’s jaw clenches. “What you did”—he runs his hand through his hair—“was incredibly brave and incredibly stupid. You could have been killed.” His eyes blaze a bleak, chilling gray, and I know he’s restraining his anger. “I didn’t know what else to do,” I whisper. “You could have told me!” he says vehemently, fisting his hands in his lap. “He said he’d kill her if I told anyone. I couldn’t take that risk.” Christian closes his eyes, dread etched in his face. “I have died a thousand deaths since Thursday.” Thursday? “What day is it?” “It’s almost Saturday,” he says, checking his watch. “You’ve been unconscious for over twentyfour hours.” Oh. “And Jack and Elizabeth?” “In police custody. Although Hyde is here under guard. They had to remove the bullet you left in him,” Christian says bitterly. “I don’t know where in this hospital he is, fortunately, or I’d probably kill him myself.” His face darkens. Oh shit. Jack is here? “That’s for SIP you fucking bitch!” I pale. My empty stomach convulses, tears prick my eyes, and a deep shudder runs through me. “Hey.” Christian scoots forward, his voice filled with concern. Taking the glass from my hand, he tenderly folds me into his arms. “You’re safe now,” he murmurs against my hair, his voice hoarse. “Christian, I’m so sorry.” My tears start to fall. “Hush.” He strokes my hair, and I weep into his neck. “What I said. I was never going to leave you.” “Hush, baby, I know.” “You do?” His admission halts my tears. “I worked it out. Eventually. Honestly, Ana, what were you thinking?” His tone is strained. “You took me by surprise,” I mutter into his shirt collar. “When we spoke at the bank. Thinking I was leaving you. I thought you knew me better. I’ve said to you over and over I would never leave.” “But after the appalling way I’ve behaved—” His voice is barely audible, and his arms tighten around me. “I thought for a short time that I’d lost you.” “No, Christian. Never. I didn’t want you to interfere, and put Mia’s life in danger.”
He sighs, and I don’t know if it’s from anger, exasperation, or hurt. “How did you work it out?” I ask quickly to distract him from his line of thought. He tucks my hair behind my ear. “I’d just touched down in Seattle when the bank called. Last I’d heard, you were ill and going home.” “So you were in Portland when Sawyer called you from the car?” “We were just about to take off. I was worried about you,” he says softly. “You were?” He frowns. “Of course I was.” He skirts his thumb over my bottom lip. “I spend my life worrying about you. You know that.” Oh, Christian! “Jack called me at the office,” I murmur. “He gave me two hours to get the money.” I shrug. “I had to leave, and it just seemed the best excuse.” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard line. “And you gave Sawyer the slip. He’s mad at you, as well.” “As well?” “As well as me.” I tentatively touch his face, running my fingers over his stubble. He closes his eyes, leaning into my fingers. “Don’t be mad at me. Please,” I whisper. “I am so mad at you. What you did was monumentally stupid. Bordering on insane.” “I told you, I didn’t know what else to do.” “You don’t seem to have any regard for your personal safety. And it’s not just you now,” he adds angrily. My lip trembles. He’s thinking about our Little Blip. The door opens, startling us both, and a young African-American woman in a white coat over gray scrubs strides in. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey. I’m Dr. Bartley.” She starts to examine me thoroughly, shining a light in my eyes, making me touch her fingers, then my nose while closing first one eye and then the other, and checking all my reflexes. But her voice is soft and her touch gentle; she has a warm bedside manner. Nurse Nora joins her, and Christian wanders to the corner of the room and makes some calls while the two of them tend to me. It’s hard to concentrate on Dr. Bartley, Nurse Nora, and Christian at the same time, but I hear him call his father, my mother, and Kate to say I’m awake. Finally, he leaves a message for Ray. Ray. Oh shit . . . A vague memory of his voice comes back to me. He was here—yes, while I was still unconscious. Dr. Bartley checks my ribs, her fingers probing gently but firmly. I wince. “These are bruised, not cracked or broken. You were very lucky, Mrs. Grey.” I scowl. Lucky? Not the word I would have chosen. Christian glowers at her, too. He mouths something at me. I think it’s foolhardy, but I’m not sure. “I’ll prescribe some painkillers. You’ll need them for this and for the headache you must have. But all’s looking as it should, Mrs. Grey. I suggest you get some sleep. Depending on how you feel in the morning, we may let you go home. My colleague Dr. Singh will be attending you then.” “Thank you.” There’s a knock on the door, and Taylor enters bearing a black cardboard box with Fairmont
Olympic emblazoned in cream on the side. Holy cow! “Food?” Dr. Bartley says surprised. “Mrs. Grey is hungry,” Christian says. “This is chicken soup.” Dr. Bartley smiles. “Soup will be fine, just the broth. Nothing heavy.” She looks pointedly at both of us then exits the room with Nurse Nora. Christian pulls the wheeled tray over to me, and Taylor places the box on it. “Welcome back, Mrs. Grey.” “Hello, Taylor. Thank you.” “You’re most welcome, ma’am.” I think he wants to say more, but he holds off. Christian is unpacking the box, producing a thermos, soup bowl, side plate, linen napkin, soupspoon, a small basket of bread rolls, silver salt and pepper shakers . . . The Olympic has gone all-out. “This is great, Taylor.” My stomach is rumbling. I am famished. “Will that be all?” he asks. “Yes, thanks,” Christian says, dismissing him. Taylor nods. “Taylor, thank you.” “Anything else I can get you, Mrs. Grey?” I glance at Christian. “Just some clean clothes for Christian.” Taylor smiles. “Yes, ma’am.” Christian glances down at his shirt, bemused. “How long have you been wearing that shirt?” I ask. “Since Thursday morning.” He gives me a crooked smile. Taylor exits. “Taylor’s real pissed at you, too,” Christian adds grumpily, unscrewing the lid of the thermos and pouring creamy chicken soup into the bowl. Taylor, too! But I don’t dwell on that as my chicken soup distracts me. It smells delicious, and steam curls invitingly from its surface. I take a taste and it’s everything it promised to be. “Good?” Christian asks, perching on the bed again. I nod enthusiastically and don’t stop. My hunger is primal. I pause only to wipe my mouth with the linen napkin. “Tell me what happened—after you realized what was going on.” Christian runs his hand through his hair and shakes his head. “Oh, Ana, it’s good to see you eat.” “I’m hungry. Tell me.” He frowns. “Well, after the bank called and I thought my world had completely fallen apart—” He can’t hide the pain in his voice. I stop eating. Oh shit. “Don’t stop eating, or I’ll stop talking,” he whispers, his tone adamant as he glares at me. I continue with my soup. Okay, okay . . . Damn, it tastes good. Christian’s gaze softens and after a beat, he resumes. “Anyway, shortly after you and I had finished our conversation, Taylor informed me that Hyde had been granted bail. How, I don’t know, I thought we’d managed to thwart any attempts at bail. But that gave me a moment to think about what you’d said . . . and I knew something was seriously wrong.” “It was never about the money,” I snap suddenly, an unexpected surge of anger flaring in my belly.
My voice rises. “How could you even think that? It’s never been about your fucking money!” My head starts to pound and I wince. Christian gapes at me for a split second, surprised by my vehemence. He narrows his eyes. “Mind your language,” he growls. “Calm down and eat.”I glare mutinously at him. “Ana,” he warns. “That hurt me more than anything, Christian,” I whisper. “Almost as much as you seeing that woman.” He inhales sharply as if I’ve slapped him and all of a sudden, he looks exhausted. Closing his eyes briefly, he shakes his head, resigned. “I know.” He sighs. “And I’m sorry. More than you know.” His eyes are luminous with contrition. “Please, eat. While your soup is still hot.” His voice is soft and compelling, and I do as he asks. He breathes a sigh of relief. “Go on,” I whisper, between bites of the illicit fresh white bread roll. “We didn’t know Mia was missing. I thought maybe he was blackmailing you or something. I called you back, but you didn’t answer.” He scowls. “I left you a message then called Sawyer. Taylor started tracking your cell. I knew you were at the bank, so we headed straight there.” “I don’t know how Sawyer found me. Was he tracking my cell, too?” “The Saab is fitted with a tracking device. All our cars are. By the time we got near the bank, you were already on the move, and we followed. Why are you smiling?” “On some level I knew you’d be stalking me.” “And that is amusing because?” he asks. “Jack had instructed me to get rid of my cell. So I borrowed Whelan’s cell, and that’s the one I threw away. I put mine into one of the duffle bags so you could track your money.” Christian sighs. “Our money, Ana,” he says quietly. “Eat.” I wipe my soup bowl with the last of my bread and pop it into my mouth. For the first time in a long while, I feel replete in spite of our conversation. “Finished.” “Good girl.” There’s a knock on the door and Nurse Nora enters once more, carrying a small paper cup. Christian clears away my plate, and starts putting all the items back into the box. “Pain relief.” Nora smiles, showing me the white pill in the paper cup. “Is this okay to take? You know—with the baby?” “Yes, Mrs. Grey. It’s Lortab—it’s fine; it won’t affect the baby.” I nod gratefully. My head is pounding. I swallow it down with a sip of water. “You ought to rest, Mrs. Grey.” Nurse Nora looks pointedly at Christian. He nods. No! “You’re going?” I exclaim, panic setting in. Don’t go—we’ve just started talking! Christian snorts. “If you think for one moment I’m going to let you out of my sight, Mrs. Grey, you are very much mistaken.” Nora huffs but hovers over me and readjusts my pillows so that I have to lie down. “Goodnight, Mrs. Grey,” she says, and with one last censorious glance at Christian, she leaves. He raises an eyebrow as she closes the door. “I don’t think Nurse Nora approves of me.” He stands by the bed, looking tired, and despite the fact that I want him to stay, I know I should try to persuade him to go home.
“You need rest, too, Christian. Go home. You look exhausted.” “I’m not leaving you. I’ll doze in this armchair.” I scowl at him then shift onto my side. “Sleep with me.” He frowns. “No. I can’t.” “Why not?” “I don’t want to hurt you.” “You won’t hurt me. Please, Christian.” “You have an IV.” “Christian. Please.” He gazes at me, and I can tell he’s tempted. “Please.” I lift up the blankets, inviting him into the bed. “Fuck it.” He slips off his shoes and socks, and gingerly climbs in beside me. Gently, he wraps his arm around me, and I lay my head on his chest. He kisses my hair. “I don’t think Nurse Nora will be very happy with this arrangement,” he whispers conspiratorially. I giggle, then stop as pain lances through my chest. “Don’t make me laugh. It hurts.” “Oh, but I love that sound,” he says a little sadly, his voice low. “I’m sorry, baby, so, so sorry.” He kisses my hair again and inhales deeply, and I don’t know what he’s apologizing for . . . making me laugh? Or the mess we’re in? I rest my hand over his heart, and he gently places his hand on mine. We are both silent for a moment. “Why did you go see that woman?” “Oh, Ana.” He groans. “You want to discuss that now? Can’t we drop this? I regret it, okay?” “I need to know.” “I’ll tell you tomorrow,” he mutters, irritated. “Oh, and Detective Clark wants to talk to you. Just routine. Now go to sleep.” He kisses my hair. I sigh heavily. I need to know why. At least he says he regrets it. That’s something, my subconscious agrees. She’s in an agreeable mood today, it seems. Ugh, Detective Clark. I shudder at the thought of reliving Thursday’s events for him. “Do we know why Jack was doing all this?” “Hmm,” Christian murmurs. I’m soothed by the slow rise and fall of his chest, gently rocking my head, lulling me to sleep as his breathing slows. And while I drift I try to make sense of the fragments of conversations I heard while I was on the edge of consciousness, but they slither through my mind, remaining steadfastly elusive, taunting me from the edges of my memory. Oh, it’s frustrating and exhausting . . . and . . . Nurse Nora’s mouth is pursed and her arms folded in hostility. I hold my finger up to my lips. “Please let him sleep,” I whisper, squinting in the early morning light. “This is your bed. Not his,” she hisses sternly. “I slept better because he was here.” I insist, rushing to my husband’s defense. Besides, it’s true. Christian stirs, and Nurse Nora and I freeze. He mumbles in his sleep, “Don’t touch me. No more. Only Ana.” I frown. I have rarely heard Christian talk in his sleep. Admittedly, that might be because he sleeps less than I do. I’ve only ever heard his nightmares. His arms tighten around me, squeezing me, and I wince. “Mrs. Grey—” Nurse Nora glowers.
“Please,” I beg. She shakes her head, turns on her heel and leaves, and I snuggle up against Christian again. When I wake, Christian is nowhere to be seen. The sun is blazing through the windows, and I can now really appreciate the room. I have flowers! I didn’t notice them the night before. Several bouquets. I wonder idly who they’re from. A soft knock distracts me, and Carrick peeks around the door. He beams when he sees that I’m awake. “May I come in?” he asks. “Of course.” He strides into the room and over to me, his soft, gentle blue eyes assessing me shrewdly. He’s wearing a dark suit—he must be working. He surprises me by leaning down and kissing my forehead. “May I sit?” I nod, and he perches on the edge of the bed and takes my hand. “I don’t know how to thank you for my daughter, you crazy, brave, darling girl. What you did probably saved her life. I will be forever in your debt.” His voice wavers, filled with gratitude and compassion. Oh . . . I don’t know what to say. I squeeze his hand but remain mute. “How are you feeling?” “Better. Sore.” I say, for honesty’s sake. “Have they given you meds for the pain?” “Lor . . . something.” “Good. Where’s Christian?” “I don’t know. When I woke up, he was gone.” “He won’t be far away, I’m sure. He wouldn’t leave you while you were unconscious.” “I know.” “He’s a little mad at you, as he should be.” Carrick smirks. Ah, this is where Christian gets it from. “Christian is always mad at me.” “Is he?” Carrick smiles, pleased—as if this is a good thing. His smile is infectious. “How’s Mia?” His eyes cloud and his smile vanishes. “She’s better. Mad as hell. I think anger is a healthy reaction to what happened to her.” “Is she here?” “No, she’s back at home. I don’t think Grace will let her out of her sight.” “I know how that feels.” “You need watching, too,” he admonishes. “I don’t want you taking anymore silly risks with your life or the life of my grandchild.” I flush. He knows! “Grace read your chart. She told me. Congratulations.” “Um . . . thank you.” He gazes down at me, and his eyes soften, though he frowns at my expression. “Christian will come around,” he says gently. “This will be the best thing for him. Just . . . give him some time.” I nod. Oh . . . They’ve spoken. “I’d better go. I’m due in court.” He smiles and rises. “I’ll check in on you later. Grace speaks
highly of Dr. Singh and Dr. Bartley. They know what they’re doing.” He leans down and kisses me once more. “I mean it, Ana. I can never repay what you’ve done for us. Thank you.” I look up at him, blinking back tears, suddenly overwhelmed, and he strokes my cheek affectionately. Then he turns on his heel and leaves. Oh my. I’m reeling from his gratitude. Perhaps now I can let the prenup debacle go. My subconscious nods sagely in agreement with me yet again. I shake my head and gingerly get out of bed. I’m relieved to find that I am much steadier on my feet than yesterday. In spite of Christian sharing the bed, I have slept well and feel refreshed. My head still aches, but it’s a dull nagging pain, nothing like the pounding yesterday. I’m stiff and sore, but I just need a bath. I feel grimy. I head into the en suite. “Ana!” Christian shouts. “I’m in the bathroom,” I call as I finish brushing my teeth. That feels better. I ignore my reflection in the mirror. Jeez, I look a mess. When I open the door, Christian is by the bed, holding a tray of food. He’s transformed. Dressed entirely in black, he’s shaved, showered, and looks well rested. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he says brightly. “I have your breakfast.” He looks so boyish and much happier. Wow. I smile broadly as I climb back into bed. He pulls over the tray on wheels and lifts the cover to reveal my breakfast: oatmeal with dried fruits, pancakes with maple syrup, bacon, orange juice, and Twinings English breakfast tea. My mouth waters; I’m so hungry. I down the orange juice in a few gulps and dig into the oatmeal. Christian sits down on the edge of the bed to watch. He smirks. “What?” I ask with my mouth full. “I like to watch you eat,” he says. But I don’t think that’s what he’s smirking about. “How are you feeling?” “Better,” I mutter between mouthfuls. “I’ve never seen you eat like this.” I glance up at him, and my heart sinks. We have to address the very tiny elephant in the room. “It’s because I’m pregnant, Christian.” He snorts, and his mouth twists into an ironic smile. “If I knew getting you knocked up was going to make you eat, I might have done it earlier.” “Christian Grey!” I gasp and set the oatmeal down. “Don’t stop eating,” he warns. “Christian, we need to talk about this.” He stills. “What’s there to say? We’re going to be parents.” He shrugs, desperately trying to look nonchalant, but all I can see is his fear. Pushing the tray aside, I crawl down the bed to him and take his hands in mine. “You’re scared,” I whisper. “I get it.” He gazes at me, impassive, his eyes wide and all his earlier boyishness stripped away. “I am, too. That’s normal,” I whisper. “What kind of father could I possibly be?” His voice is hoarse, barely audible. “Oh, Christian.” I stifle a sob. “One that tries his best. That’s all any of us can do.” “Ana—I don’t know if I can . . .” “Of course you can. You’re loving, you’re fun, you’re strong, you’ll set boundaries. Our child will want for nothing.” He’s frozen, staring at me, doubt etched on his beautiful face.
“Yes, it would have been ideal to have waited. To have longer, just the two of us. But we’ll be three of us, and we’ll all grow up together. We’ll be a family. Our own family. And your child will love you unconditionally, like I do.” Tears spring to my eyes. “Oh, Ana,” Christian whispers, his voice anguished and pained. “I thought I’d lost you. Then I thought I’d lost you again. Seeing you lying on the ground, pale and cold and unconscious—it was all my worst fears realized. And now here you are—brave and strong . . . giving me hope. Loving me after all that I’ve done.” “Yes, I do love you, Christian, desperately. I always will.” Gently taking my head between his hands, he wipes my tears away with his thumbs. He gazes into my eyes, gray to blue, and all I see is his fear and wonder and love. “I love you, too,” he breathes. And he kisses me sweetly, tenderly like a man who adores his wife. “I’ll try to be a good father,” he whispers against my lips. “You’ll try, and you’ll succeed. And let’s face it; you don’t have much choice in the matter, because Blip and I are not going anywhere.” “Blip?” “Blip.” He raises his eyebrows. “I had the name Junior in my head.” “Junior it is, then.” “But I like Blip.” He smiles his shy smile and kisses me once more.
“Much as I’d like to kiss you all day, your breakfast is getting cold,” Christian murmurs against my lips. He gazes down at me, now amused, except his eyes are darker, sensual. Holy cow, he’s switched again. My Mr. Mercurial. “Eat,” he orders, his voice soft. I swallow, a reaction to his smoldering look, and crawl back into bed, avoiding snagging my IV line. He pushes the tray in front of me. The oatmeal is cold, but the pancakes under the cover are fine—in fact, they’re mouthwatering. “You know,” I mutter between mouthfuls, “Blip might be a girl.” Christian runs his hand through his hair. “Two women, eh?” Alarm flashes across his face, and his dark look vanishes. Oh crap. “Do you have a preference?” “Preference?” “Boy or girl.” He frowns. “Healthy will do,” he says quietly clearly disconcerted by the question. “Eat,” he snaps, and I know he’s trying to avoid the subject. “I’m eating, I’m eating . . . Jeez, keep your hair on, Grey.” I watch him carefully. The corners of his eyes are crinkled with worry. He’s said he’ll try, but I know he’s still freaked out by the baby. Oh, Christian, so am I. He sits down in the armchair beside me, picking up the Seattle Times. “You made the papers again, Mrs. Grey.” His is tone bitter. “Again?” “The hacks are just rehashing yesterday’s story, but it seems factually accurate. You want to read it?” I shake my head. “Read it to me. I’m eating.” He smirks and proceeds to read the article aloud. It’s a report on Jack and Elizabeth, depicting them as a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde. It briefly covers Mia’s kidnapping, my involvement in Mia’s rescue, and the fact that both Jack and I are in the same hospital. How does the press get all this information? I must ask Kate. When Christian finishes, I say, “Please read something else. I like listening to you.” He obliges and reads me a report about a booming bagel business and the fact that Boeing has had to cancel the launch of some plane. Christian frowns as he reads. But listening to his soothing voice as I eat, secure in the knowledge that I am fine, Mia is safe and my Little Blip is safe, I feel a precious
moment of peace despite all that has happened over the last few days. I understand that Christian is scared about the baby, but I don’t understand the depth of his fear. I resolve to talk to him some more about this. See if I can put his mind at ease. What puzzles me is that he hasn’t lacked for positive role models as parents. Both Grace and Carrick are exemplary parents, or so they seem. Maybe it was the Bitch Troll’s interference that damaged him so badly. I’d like to think so. But in truth I think it goes back to his birth mom, though I’m sure Mrs. Robinson didn’t help. I halt my thoughts as I nearly recall a whispered conversation. Damn! It hovers on the edge of my memory from when I was unconscious. Christian talking with Grace. It melts away into the shadows of my mind. Oh, it’s so frustrating. I wonder if Christian will ever volunteer the reason he went to see her or if I’ll have to push him. I’m about to ask when there’s a knock on the door. Detective Clark makes an apologetic entry into the room. He’s right to be apologetic—my heart sinks when I see him. “Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey. Am I interrupting?” “Yes,” snaps Christian. Clark ignores him. “Glad to see you’re awake, Mrs. Grey. I need to ask you a few questions about Thursday afternoon. Just routine. Is now a convenient time?” “Sure,” I mumble, but I do not want to relive Thursday’s events. “My wife should be resting.” Christian bristles. “I’ll be brief, Mr. Grey. And it means I’ll be out of your hair sooner rather than later.” Christian stands and offers Clark his chair, then sits down beside me on the bed, takes my hand, and squeezes it reassuringly. Half an hour later, Clark is done. I’ve learned nothing new, but I have recounted the events of Thursday to him in a halting, quiet voice, watching Christian go pale and grimace at some parts. “I wish you’d aimed higher,” Christian mutters. “Might have done womankind a service if Mrs. Grey had.” Clark agrees. What? “Thank you, Mrs. Grey. That’s all for now.” “You won’t let him out again, will you?” “I don’t think he’ll make bail this time, ma’am.” “Do we know who posted his bail?” Christian asks. “No sir. It was confidential.” Christian frowns, but I think he has his suspicions. Clark rises to leave just as Dr. Singh and two interns enter the room. After a thorough examination, Dr. Singh declares me fit to go home. Christian sags with relief. “Mrs. Grey, you’ll have to watch for worsening headaches and blurry vision. If that occurs you must return to the hospital immediately.” I nod, trying to contain my delight at going home. As Dr. Singh leaves, Christian asks her for a quick word in the corridor. He keeps the door ajar as he asks her a question. She smiles. “Yes, Mr. Grey, that’s fine.” He grins and returns to the room a happier man. “What was all that about?”
“Sex,” he says, flashing a wicked grin. Oh. I blush. “And?” “You’re good to go.” He smirks. Oh, Christian! “I have a headache.” I smirk right back. “I know. You’ll be off limits for a while. I was just checking.” Off limits? I frown at the momentary stab of disappointment I feel. I’m not sure I want to be off limits. Nurse Nora joins us to remove my IV She glares at Christian. I think she’s one of the few women . I’ve met who is oblivious to his charms. I thank her when she leaves with my IV stand. “Shall I take you home?” Christian asks. “I’d like to see Ray first.” “Sure.” “Does he know about the baby?” “I thought you’d want to be the one to tell him. I haven’t told your mom either.” “Thank you.” I smile, grateful that he hasn’t stolen my thunder. “My mom knows,” Christian adds. “She saw your chart. I told my dad but no one else. Mom said couples normally wait for twelve weeks or so . . . to be sure.” He shrugs. “I’m not sure I’m ready to tell Ray.” “I should warn you, he’s mad as hell. Said I should spank you.” What? Christian laughs at my appalled expression. “I told him I’d be only too willing to oblige.” “You didn’t!” I gasp, though an echo of a whispered conversation tantalizes my memory. Yes, Ray was here while I was unconscious . . . He winks at me. “Here, Taylor brought you some clean clothes. I’ll help you dress.” As Christian predicted, Ray is furious. I don’t ever remember him being this mad. Christian has wisely decided to leave us alone. For such a taciturn man, Ray fills his hospital room with his invective, berating me for my irresponsible behavior. I am twelve years old again. Oh, Dad, please calm down. Your blood pressure is not up to this. “And I’ve had to deal with your mother,” he grumbles, waving both of his hands in exasperation. “Dad, I’m sorry.” “And poor Christian! I’ve never seen him like that. He’s aged. We’ve both aged years over the last couple of days.” “Ray, I’m sorry.” “Your mother is waiting for your call,” he says in a more measured tone. I kiss his cheek, and finally he relents from his tirade. “I’ll call her. I really am sorry. But thank you for teaching me to shoot.” For a moment, he regards me with ill-concealed paternal pride. “I’m glad you can shoot straight,” he says, his voice gruff. “Now go on home and get some rest.” “You look well, Dad.” I try to change the subject. “You look pale.” His fear is suddenly evident. His look mirrors Christian’s from last night, and I grasp his hand. “I’m okay. I promise I won’t do anything like that again.” He squeezes my hand and pulls me into a hug. “If anything happened to you,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and low. Tears prick my eyes. I am not used to displays of emotion from my stepfather.
“Dad, I’m good. Nothing that a hot shower won’t cure.” We leave through the rear exit of the hospital to avoid the paparazzi gathered at the entrance. Taylor leads us to the waiting in the SUV. Christian is quiet as Sawyer drives us home. I avoid Sawyer’s gaze in the rearview mirror, embarrassed that the last time I saw him was at the bank when I gave him the slip. I call my mom, who sobs and sobs. It takes most of the journey home to calm her down, but I succeed by promising that we’ll visit soon. Throughout my conversation with her, Christian holds my hand, brushing his thumb across my knuckles. He’s nervous . . . something’s happened. “What’s wrong?” I ask when I’m finally free from my mother. “Welch wants to see me.” “Welch? Why?” “He’s found something out about that fucker Hyde.” Christian’s lip curls into a snarl, and a frisson of fear passes through me. “He didn’t want to tell me on the phone.” “Oh.” “He’s coming here this afternoon from Detroit.” “You think he’s found a connection?” Christian nods. “What do you think it is?” “I have no idea.” Christian’s brow furrows, perplexed. Taylor pulls into the garage at Escala and stops by the elevator to let us out before he parks. In the garage, we can avoid the attention of the waiting photographers. Christian ushers me out of the car. Keeping his arm around my waist, he leads me to the waiting elevator. “Glad to be home?” he asks. “Yes,” I whisper. But as I stand in the familiar surroundings of the elevator, the enormity of what I’ve been through crashes over me, and I start to shake. “Hey—” Christian wraps his arms around me and pulls me close. “You’re home. You’re safe,” he says, kissing my hair. “Oh, Christian.” A dam I didn’t even know was in place bursts, and I start to sob. “Hush now,” Christian whispers, cradling my head against his chest. But it’s too late. I weep, overwhelmed, into his T-shirt, recalling Jack’s vicious attack— “That’s for SIP, you fucking bitch!”— telling Christian I was leaving—“You’re leaving me?”— and my fear, my gut-wrenching fear for Mia, for myself, and for Little Blip. When the doors of the elevator slide open, Christian picks me up like a child and carries me into the foyer. I wrap my arms around his neck and cling to him, keening quietly. He carries me through to our bathroom and gently settles me on the chair. “Bath?” he asks. I shake my head. No . . . no . . . not like Leila. “Shower?” His voice is choked with concern. Through my tears, I nod. I want to wash away the grime of the last few days, wash away the memory of Jack’s attack. “You gold digging whore.” I sob into my hands as the sound of the water cascading from the shower echoes off the walls. “Hey,” Christian croons. Kneeling in front of me, he pulls my hands away from my tearstained cheeks and cups my face in his hands. I gaze at him, blinking away my tears. “You’re safe. You both are,” he whispers. Blip and me. My eyes brim with tears again.
“Stop, now. I can’t bear it when you cry.” His voice is hoarse. His thumbs wipe my cheeks, but my tears still flow. “I’m sorry, Christian. Just sorry for everything. For making you worry, for risking everything—for the things I said.” “Hush, baby, please.” He kisses my forehead. “I’m sorry. It takes two to tango, Ana.” He gives me a crooked smile. “Well, that’s what my mom always says. I said things and did things I’m not proud of.” His gray eyes are bleak but penitent. “Let’s get you undressed.” His voice is soft. I wipe my nose with the back of my hand, and he kisses my forehead once more. Briskly he strips me, taking particular care as he pulls my T-shirt over my head. But my head is not too sore. Leading me to the shower, he peels off his own clothing in record time before stepping into the welcome hot water with me. He pulls me into his arms and holds me, holds me for the longest time, as the water gushes over us, soothing us both. He lets me cry into his chest. Occasionally he kisses my hair, but he doesn’t let go, he just rocks me gently beneath the warm water. To feel his skin against mine, his chest hair against my cheek . . . this man I love, this self-doubting, beautiful man, the man I could have lost through my own recklessness. I feel empty and aching at the thought but grateful that he’s here, still here—despite everything that’s happened. He has some explaining to do, but right now I want to revel in the feel of his comforting, protective arms around me. And in that moment it occurs to me; any explanations on his part have to come from him. I can’t force him—he’s got to want to tell me. I won’t be cast as the nagging wife, constantly trying to wheedle information out of her husband. It’s just exhausting. I know he loves me. I know he loves me more than he’s ever loved anyone, and for now, that’s enough. The realization is liberating. I stop crying and step back. “Better?” he asks. I nod. “Good. Let me look at you,” he says, and for a moment I don’t know what he means. But he takes my hand and examines the arm I fell on when Jack hit me. There are bruises on my shoulder and scrapes at my elbow and wrist. He kisses each of them. He grabs a washcloth and shower gel from the rack, and the sweet familiar scent of jasmine fills my nostrils. “Turn around.” Gently, he proceeds to wash my injured arm, then my neck, my shoulders, my back, and my other arm. He turns me sideways, and traces his long fingers down my side. I wince as they skate over the large bruise at my hip. Christian’s eyes harden and his lips thin. His anger is palpable as he whistles through his teeth. “It doesn’t hurt,” I murmur to reassure him. Blazing gray eyes meet mine. “I want to kill him. I nearly did,” he whispers cryptically. I frown then shiver at his bleak expression. He squirts more shower gel on the washcloth and with tender, aching gentleness, he washes my side and my behind, then, kneeling, moves down my legs. He pauses to examine my knee. He lips brush over the bruise before he returns to washing my legs and my feet. Reaching down, I caress his head, running my fingers through his wet hair. He stands, and his fingers trace the outline of the bruise on my ribs where Jack kicked me. “Oh, baby,” he groans, his voice filled with anguish, his eyes dark with fury. “I’m okay.” I pull his head down to mine and kiss his lips. He’s hesitant to reciprocate, but as my tongue meets his, his body stirs against me. “No,” he whispers against my lips, and he pulls back. “Let’s get you clean.” His face is serious. Damn . . . He means it. I pout, and the atmosphere between us lightens in an
instant. He grins and kisses me briefly. “Clean,” he emphasizes. “Not dirty.” “I like dirty.” “Me, too, Mrs. Grey. But not now, not here.” He grabs the shampoo, and before I can persuade him otherwise, he’s washing my hair. I love clean, too. I feel refreshed and reinvigorated, and I don’t know if it’s from the shower, the crying, or my decision to stop hassling Christian about everything. He wraps me in a large towel and drapes one around his hips while I gingerly dry my hair. My head aches, but it’s a dull persistent pain that is more than manageable. I have some painkillers from Dr. Singh, but she’s asked me not to use them unless I have to. As I dry my hair, I think about Elizabeth. “I still don’t understand why Elizabeth was involved with Jack.” “I do,” Christian mutters darkly. This is news. I frown up at him, but I’m distracted. He’s drying his hair with a towel, his chest and shoulders still wet with beads of water that glint beneath the halogens. He pauses and smirks. “Enjoying the view?” “How do you know?” I ask, trying to ignore that I’ve been caught staring at my own husband. “That you’re enjoying the view?” he teases. “No,” I scold. “About Elizabeth.” “Detective Clark hinted at it.” I give him my tell-me-more expression, and another nagging memory from when I was unconscious resurfaces. Clark was in my room. I wish I could remember what he said. “Hyde had videos. Videos of all of them. On several USB flash drives.” What? I frown, my skin tightening across my forehead. “Videos of him fucking her and fucking all his PAs.” Oh! “Exactly. Blackmail material. He likes it rough.” Christian frowns, and I watch confusion followed by disgust cross his face. He pales as his disgust turns to self-loathing. Of course—Christian likes it rough, too. “Don’t.” The word is out of my mouth before I can stop it. His frown deepens. “Don’t what?” He stills and regards me with apprehension. “You aren’t anything like him.” Christian’s eyes harden, but he says nothing, confirming that’s exactly what he’s thinking. “You’re not.” My voice is adamant. “We’re cut from the same cloth.” “No, you’re not,” I snap, though I understand why he might think so. “His dad died in a brawl in a bar. His mother drank herself into oblivion. He was in and out of foster homes as a kid, in and out of trouble, too—mainly boosting cars. Spent time in juvie.” I recall the information Christian revealed on the plane to Aspen. “You both have troubled pasts, and you were both born in Detroit. That’s it, Christian.” I fist my hands on my hips. “Ana, your faith in me is touching, especially in light of the last few days. We’ll know more when Welch is here.” He’s dismissing the subject. “Christian—”
He stops me with a kiss. “Enough,” he breathes, and I remember the promise I made to myself not to hound him for information. “And don’t pout,” he adds. “Come. Let me dry your hair.” And I know the subject is closed. After dressing in sweatpants and a T-shirt, I sit between Christian’s legs as he dries my hair. “So did Clark tell you anything else while I was unconscious?” “Not that I recall.” “I heard a few of your conversations.” The hairbrush stills in my hair. “Did you?” he asks, his tone nonchalant. “Yes. My dad, your dad, Detective Clark . . . your mom.” “And Kate?” “Kate was there?” “Briefly, yes. She’s mad at you, too.” I turn in his lap. “Stop with the everyone is mad at Ana crap, okay?” “Just telling you the truth,” Christian says, bemused by my outburst. “Yes, it was reckless, but you know, your sister was in danger.” His face falls. “Yes. She was.” Switching off the hairdryer, he puts it down on the bed beside him. He grasps my chin. “Thank you,” he says, surprising me. “But no more recklessness. Because next time, I will spank the living shit out of you.” I gasp. “You wouldn’t!” “I would.” He’s serious. Holy cow. Deadly serious. “I have your stepfather’s permission.” He smirks. He’s teasing me! Or is he? I launch myself at him, and he twists so that I fall onto the bed and into his arms. As I land, pain from my ribs shoots through me and I wince. Christian pales. “Behave!” he admonishes, and for a moment he’s angry. “Sorry,” I mumble, caressing his cheek. He nuzzles my hand and kisses it gently. “Honestly, Ana, you really have no regard for your own safety.” He tugs up the hem of my T-shirt then rests his fingers on my belly. I stop breathing. “It’s not just you anymore,” he whispers, trailing his fingertips along the waistband of my sweats, caressing my skin. Desire explodes unexpected, hot, and heavy in my blood. I gasp and Christian tenses, halting his fingers and gazing down at me. He moves his hand up and tucks a stray lock of hair behind my ear. “No,” he whispers. What? “Don’t look at me like that. I’ve seen the bruises. And the answer’s no.” His voice is firm, and he kisses my forehead. I squirm. “Christian,” I whine. “No. Get into bed.” He sits up. “Bed?” “You need rest.” “I need you.” He closes his eyes and shakes his head as if it’s a great effort of will. When he opens them again, his eyes are bright with his resolve. “Just do as you’re told, Ana.”
I’m tempted to take off all my clothes, but then I remember the bruises and know I won’t win that way. Reluctantly, I nod. “Okay.” I deliberately give him an exaggerated pout. He grins, amused. “I’ll bring you some lunch.” “You’re going to cook?” I nearly expire. He has the grace to laugh. “I’m going to heat something up. Mrs. Jones has been busy.” “Christian, I’ll do it. I’m fine. Jeez, I want sex—I can certainly cook.” I sit up awkwardly, trying to hide my flinch from my smarting ribs. “Bed!” Christian’s eyes flash, and he points to the pillow. “Join me,” I murmur, wishing I were wearing something a little more alluring than sweatpants and a T-shirt. “Ana, get into bed. Now.”I scowl, stand up, and let my pants drop unceremoniously to the floor, glaring at him the whole time. His mouth twitches with humor as he pulls the duvet back. “You heard Dr. Singh. She said rest.” His voice is gentler. I slip into bed and fold my arms in frustration. “Stay,” he says clearly enjoying himself. My scowl deepens. Mrs. Jones’s chicken stew is, without doubt, one of my favorite dishes. Christian eats with me, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the bed. “That was very well heated.” I smirk and he grins. I’m replete and sleepy. Was this his plan? “You look tired.” He picks up my tray. “I am.” “Good. Sleep.” He kisses me. “I have some work I need to do. I’ll do it in here if that’s okay with you.” I nod . . . fighting a losing battle with my eyelids. I had no idea chicken stew could be so exhausting. It’s dusk when I wake. Pale pink light floods the room. Christian is sitting in the armchair, watching me, gray eyes luminous in the ambient light. He’s clutching some papers. His face is ashen. Holy cow! “What’s wrong?” I ask immediately, sitting up and ignoring my protesting ribs. “Welch has just left.” Oh shit. “And?” “I lived with the fucker,” he whispers. “Lived? With Jack?” He nods, eyes wide. “You’re related?” “No. Good God, no.” I shuffle over and pull the duvet back, inviting him into bed beside me, and to my surprise he doesn’t hesitate. He kicks off his shoes and slides in alongside me. Wrapping one arm around me, he curls up, resting his head in my lap. I’m stunned. What’s this? “I don’t understand,” I murmur, running my fingers through his hair and gazing down at him. Christian closes his eyes and furrows his brow as if he’s straining to remember. “After I was found with the crack whore, before I went to live with Carrick and Grace, I was in the care of Michigan State. I lived in a foster home. But I can’t remember anything about that time.” My mind reels. A foster home? This is news to both of us.
“For how long?” I whisper. “Two months or so. I have no recollection.” “Have you spoken to your mom and dad about it?” “No.” “Perhaps you should. Maybe they could fill in the blanks.” He hugs me tightly. “Here.” He hands me the papers, which turn out to be two photographs. I reach over and switch on the bedside light so I can examine them in detail. The first photo is of a shabby house with a yellow front door and a large gabled window in the roof. It has a porch and a small front yard. It’s an unremarkable house. The second photo is of a family—at first glance, an ordinary blue-collar family—a man and his wife, I think, and their children. The adults are both dressed in dowdy, overwashed blue T-shirts. They must be in their forties. The woman has scraped-back blond hair, and the man a severe buzz-cut, but they are both smiling warmly at the camera. The man has his hand draped over the shoulders of a sullen teenage girl. I gaze at each of the children: two boys—identical twins, about twelve—both with sandy blond hair, grinning broadly at the camera; there’s another boy, who’s smaller, with reddish blond hair, scowling; and hiding behind him, a copper-haired gray-eyed little boy. Wide-eyed and scared, dressed in mismatched clothes, and clutching a child’s dirty blanket. Fuck. “This is you,” I whisper, my heart lurching into my throat. I know Christian was four when his mother died. But this child looks much younger. He must have been severely malnourished. I stifle a sob as tears spring to my eyes. Oh, my sweet Fifty. Christian nods. “That’s me.” “Welch brought these photos?” “Yes. I don’t remember any of this.” His voice is flat and lifeless. “Remember being with foster parents? Why should you? Christian, it was a long time ago. Is this what’s worrying you?” “I remember other things, from before and after. When I met my mom and dad. But this . . . It’s like there’s a huge chasm.” My heart twists and understanding dawns. My darling control freak likes everything in its place, and now he’s learned he’s missing part of the jigsaw. “Is Jack in this picture?” “Yes, he’s the older kid.” Christian’s eyes are still screwed shut, and he’s clinging to me as if I’m a life raft. I run my fingers through his hair while I gaze at the older boy who is glaring, defiant and arrogant, at the camera. I can see it’s Jack. But he’s just a kid, a sad eight- or nine-year-old, hiding his fear behind his hostility. A thought occurs to me. “When Jack called to tell me he had Mia, he said if things had been different, it could have been him.” Christian closes his eyes and shudders. “That fucker!” “You think he did all this because the Greys adopted you instead of him?” “Who knows?” Christian’s tone is bitter. “I don’t give a fuck about him.” “Perhaps he knew we were seeing each other when I went for that job interview. Perhaps he planned to seduce me all along.” Bile rises in my throat. “I don’t think so,” Christian mutters, his eyes now open. “The searches he did on my family didn’t start until a week or so after you began your job at SIP. Barney knows the exact dates. And, Ana, he fucked all his assistants and taped them.” Christian closes his eyes and tightens his grip on me once more.
Suppressing the tremor that runs through me, I try to recall my various conversations with Jack when I first started at SIP. I knew deep down he was bad news, yet I ignored all my instincts. Christian’s right—I have no regard for my own safety. I remember the fight we had about me going to New York with Jack. Jeez—I could have ended up on some sordid sex tape. The thought is nauseating. And in that moment I recall the photographs Christian kept of his submissives. Oh shit. “We’re cut from the same cloth.” No, Christian, you’re not, you’re nothing like him. He’s still curled around me like a small boy. “Christian, I think you should talk to your mom and dad.” I am reluctant to move him, so I shift and slide back into the bed until we are eye to eye. A bewildered gray gaze meets mine, reminding me of the child in the photograph. “Let me call them,” I whisper. He shakes his head. “Please.” I beg. Christian stares at me, pain and self-doubt reflected in his eyes as he considers my request. Oh, Christian, please! “I’ll call them,” he whispers. “Good. We can go and see them together, or you can go. Whichever you prefer.” “No. They can come here.” “Why?” “I don’t want you going anywhere.” “Christian, I’m up for a car journey.” “No.” His voice is firm, but he gives me an ironic smile. “Anyway, it’s Saturday night, they’re probably at some function.” “Call them. This news has obviously upset you. They might be able to shed some light.” I glance at the radio alarm. It’s almost seven in the evening. He regards me impassively for a moment. “Okay,” he says as if I’ve issued him with a challenge. Sitting up, he picks up the bedside phone. I wrap my arm around him and rest my head on his chest as he makes the call. “Dad?” I register his surprise that Carrick has answered the phone. “Ana’s good. We’re home. Welch has just left. He found out the connection . . . the foster home in Detroit . . . I don’t remember any of that.” Christian’s voice is almost inaudible as he mutters the last sentence. My heart constricts once more. I hug him, and he squeezes my shoulder. “Yeah . . . You will? . . . Great.” He hangs up. “They’re on their way.” He sounds surprised, and I realize that he’s probably never asked them for help. “Good. I should get dressed.” Christian’s arm tightens around me. “Don’t go.” “Okay.” I snuggle into his side again, stunned by the fact that he’s just told me a great deal about himself—entirely voluntarily. As we stand at the threshold to the great room, Grace wraps me gently in her arms. “Ana, Ana, darling Ana,” she whispers. “Saving two of my children. How can I ever thank you?” I blush, touched and embarrassed in equal measure by her words. Carrick hugs me, too, kissing my forehead. Then Mia grabs me, squashing my ribs. I wince and gasp, but she doesn’t notice. “Thank you for saving me from those assholes.” Christian scowls at her. “Mia! Careful! She’s in pain.” “Oh! Sorry.” “I’m good,” I mutter, relieved when she releases me. She looks fine. Impeccably dressed in tight black jeans and a pale pink frilly blouse. I’m glad I’m
wearing my comfortable wrap dress and flats. At least I look reasonably presentable. Racing over to Christian, Mia curls her arm around his waist. Wordlessly, he hands Grace the photo. She gasps, her hand flying to her mouth to contain her emotion as she instantly recognizes Christian. Carrick wraps his arm around her shoulder as he, too, examines it. “Oh, darling.” Grace caresses Christian’s cheek. Taylor appears. “Mr. Grey? Miss Kavanagh, her brother, and your brother are coming up, sir.” Christian frowns. “Thank you, Taylor,” he mutters, bemused. “I called Elliot and told him we were coming over.” Mia grins. “It’s a welcome-home party.” I sneak a sympathetic glance at my poor husband as both Grace and Carrick glare at Mia in exasperation. “We’d better get some food together,” I declare. “Mia, will you give me a hand?” “Oh, I’d love to.” I usher her toward the kitchen area as Christian leads his parents into his study. Kate is apoplectic with righteous indignation that’s aimed at me, Christian, but most of all Jack and Elizabeth. “What were you thinking, Ana?” she shouts as she confronts me in the kitchen, causing all eyes in the room to turn and stare. “Kate, please. I’ve had the same lecture from everyone!” I snap back. She glares at me, and for one minute I think I’m going to be subjected to a Katherine Kavanagh how-not-to-succumb-to-kidnappers lecture, but instead she folds me in her arms. “Jeez—sometimes you don’t have the brains you were born with, Steele,” she whispers. As she kisses my cheek, there are tears in her eyes. Kate! “I’ve been so worried about you.” “Don’t cry. You’ll set me off.” She stands back and wipes her eyes, embarrassed, then takes a deep breath and composes herself. “On a more positive note, we’ve set a date for our wedding. We thought next May? And of course I want you to be my matron of honor.” “Oh . . . Kate . . . Wow. Congratulations!” Crap—Little Blip . . . Junior! “What is it?” she asks, misinterpreting my alarm. “Um . . . I’m just so happy for you. Some good news for a change.” I wrap my arms around her and pull her into a hug. Shit, shit, shit. When is Blip due? Mentally I calculate my due date. Dr. Greene said I was four or five weeks. So—sometime in May? Shit. Elliot hands me a glass of champagne. Oh. Shit. Christian emerges from his study, looking ashen, and follows his parents into the great room. His eyes widen when he sees the glass in my hand. “Kate,” he greets her coolly. “Christian.” She is equally cool. I sigh. “Your meds, Mrs. Grey.” He eyes the glass in my hand. I narrow my eyes. Dammit. I want a drink. Grace smiles as she joins me in the kitchen, collecting a glass from Elliot on the way. “A sip will be fine,” she whispers with a conspiratorial wink at me, and lifts her glass to clink mine. Christian scowls at both of us, until Elliot distracts him with news of the latest match between the Mariners and the Rangers.
Carrick joins us, putting his arms around us both, and Grace kisses his cheek before joining Mia on the sofa. “How is he?” I whisper to Carrick as he and I stand in the kitchen watching the family lounge on the sofa. I note with surprise that Mia and Ethan are holding hands. “Shaken,” Carrick murmurs to me, his brow furrowing, his face serious. “He remembers so much of his life with his birth mother; many things I wish he didn’t. But this—” He stops. “I hope we’ve helped. I’m glad he called us. He said you told him to.” Carrick’s gaze softens. I shrug and take a hasty sip of champagne. “You’re very good for him. He doesn’t listen to anyone else.” I frown. I don’t think that’s true. The unwelcome specter of the Bitch Troll looms large in my mind. I know Christian talks to Grace, too. I heard him. Again I feel a moment’s frustration as I try to fathom their conversation in the hospital, but it still eludes me. “Come and sit down, Ana. You look tired. I’m sure you weren’t expecting all of us here this evening.” “It’s great to see everyone.” I smile. Because it’s true, it is great. I’m an only child who has married into a large and gregarious family, and I love it. I snuggle up next to Christian. “One sip,” he hisses at me and takes my glass from my hand. “Yes, Sir.” I bat my lashes, disarming him completely. He puts his arm around my shoulders and returns to his baseball conversation with Elliot and Ethan. “My parents think you walk on water,” Christian mutters as he drags off his T-shirt. I’m curled up in bed watching the floorshow. “Good thing you know differently.” I snort. “Oh, I don’t know.” He slips out of his jeans. “Did they fill in the gaps for you?” “Some. I lived with the Colliers for two months while Mom and Dad waited for the paperwork. They were already approved for adoption because of Elliot, but the wait’s required by law to see if I had any living relatives who wanted to claim me.” “How do you feel about that?” I whisper. He frowns. “About having no living relatives? Fuck that. If they were anything like the crack whore . . .” He shakes his head in disgust. Oh, Christian! You were a child, and you loved your mom. He slides on his pajamas, climbs into bed, and gently pulls me into his arms. “It’s coming back to me. I remember the food. Mrs. Collier could cook. And at least we know now why that fucker is so hung up on my family.” He runs his free hand through his hair. “Fuck!” he says suddenly turning to gape at me. “What?” “It makes sense now!” His eyes are full of recognizance. “What?” “Baby Bird. Mrs. Collier used to call me Baby Bird.” I frown. “That makes sense?” “The note,” he says gazing at me. “The ransom note that fucker left. It went something like ‘Do you know who I am? Because I know who you are, Baby Bird.’ ” This makes no sense to me at all. “It’s from a kid’s book. Christ. The Colliers had it. It was called . . . ‘Are You My Mother?’ Shit.” His eyes widen. “I loved that book.”
Oh. I know that book. My heart lurches—Fifty! “Mrs. Collier used to read it to me.” I am at a loss what to say. “Christ. He knew . . . that fucker knew.” “Will you tell the police?” “Yes. I will. Christ knows what Clark will do with that information.” Christian shakes his head as if trying to clear his thoughts. “Anyway, thank you for this evening.” Whoa. Gear change. “For what?” “Catering for my family at a moment’s notice.” “Don’t thank me, thank Mia and Mrs. Jones. She keeps the pantry well stocked.” He shakes his head as if in exasperation. At me? Why? “How are you feeling, Mrs. Grey?” “Good. How are you feeling?” “I’m fine.” He frowns . . . not understanding my concern. Oh . . . in that case. I trail my fingers down his stomach to his oh-so-happy trail. He laughs and grabs my hand. “Oh no. Don’t get any ideas.” I pout, and he sighs. “Ana, Ana, Ana, what am I going to do with you?” He kisses my hair. “I have some ideas.” I squirm beside him and wince as pain radiates through my upper body from my bruised ribs. “Baby, you’ve been through enough. Besides, I have a bedtime story for you.” Oh? “You wanted to know . . .” He trails off, closes his eyes and swallows. All of the hair on my body stands on end. Shit. He begins in a soft voice. “Picture this, an adolescent boy looking to earn some extra money so he can continue his secret drinking habit.” He shifts onto his side so that we’re lying facing each other and he’s gazing into my eyes. “So I was in the backyard at the Lincolns’, clearing some rubble and trash from the extension Mr. Lincoln had just added to their place . . .” Holy fuck . . . he’s talking.
I can barely breathe. Do I want to hear this? Christian closes his eyes and swallows. When he opens them again, they are bright but diffident, full of disquieting memories. “It was a hot summer day. I was working hard.” He snorts and shakes his head, suddenly amused. “It was backbreaking work shifting that rubble. I was on my own, and Ele—Mrs. Lincoln appeared out of nowhere and brought me some lemonade. We exchanged small talk, and I made some smart-ass remark . . . and she slapped me. She slapped me so hard.” Unconsciously, his hand moves to his face and he caresses his cheek, his eyes clouding at the memory. Holy shit! “But then she kissed me. And when she finished, she slapped me again.” He blinks, seemingly still confounded even after all this time. “I’d never been kissed before or hit like that.” Oh. She pounced. On a kid. “Do you want to hear this?” Christians asks. Yes . . . No . . . “Only if you want to tell me.” My voice is small as I lie facing him, my mind reeling. “I’m trying to give you some context.” I nod in what I hope is an encouraging manner. But I suspect I may look like a statue, frozen and wide-eyed with shock. He frowns, his eyes searching mine, trying to gauge my reaction. Then he turns onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. “Well, naturally, I was confused and angry and horny as hell. I mean, a hot older woman comes on to you like that—” He shakes his head as if he still can’t believe it. Hot? I feel queasy. “She went back into the house, leaving me in the backyard. She acted as if nothing had happened. I was at a total loss. So I went back to work, loading the rubble into the dumpster. When I left that evening, she asked me to come back the next day. She didn’t mention what had happened. So the next day I went back. I couldn’t wait to see her again,” he whispers as if it’s a dark confession . . . because frankly it is. “She didn’t touch me when she kissed me,” he murmurs and turns his head to gaze at me. “You have to understand . . . my life was hell on earth. I was a walking hard-on, fifteen years old, tall for my age, hormones raging. The girls at school—” He stops, but I’ve got the picture: a scared, lonely, but
attractive adolescent. My heart twists. “I was angry, so fucking angry at everyone, at myself, my folks. I had no friends. My therapist at the time was a total asshole. My folks, they kept me on a tight leash; they didn’t understand.” He stares back up at the ceiling and runs a hand through his hair. I itch to run my fingers through his hair, too, but I stay still. “I just couldn’t bear anyone to touch me. I couldn’t. Couldn’t bear anyone near me. I used to fight . . . fuck, did I fight. I got into some god-awful brawls. I was expelled from a couple of schools. But it was a way to let off steam. To tolerate some kind of physical contact.” He stops again. “Well, you get the idea. And when she kissed me, she only grabbed my face. She didn’t touch me.” His voice is barely audible. She must have known. Perhaps Grace had told her. Oh, my poor Fifty. I have to fold my hands beneath my pillow and rest my head on it in order to resist the urge to hold him. “Well, the next day I went back to the house, not knowing what to expect. And I’ll spare you the gory details, but there was more of the same. And that’s how our relationship started.” Oh, fuck, this is painful to hear. He shifts again onto his side so he’s facing me. “And you know something, Ana? My world came into focus. Sharp and clear. Everything. It was exactly what I needed. She was a breath of fresh air. Making the decisions, taking all that shit away from me, letting me breathe.” Holy shit. “And even when it was over, my world stayed in focus because of her. And it stayed that way until I met you.” What the hell am I supposed to say to that? Tentatively, he smoothes a stray lock of my hair behind my ear. “You turned my world on its head.” He closes his eyes, and when he opens them again, they are raw. “My world was ordered, calm and controlled, then you came into my life with your smart mouth, your innocence, your beauty, and your quiet temerity . . . and everything before you was just dull, empty, mediocre . . . it was nothing.” Oh, my. “I fell in love,” he whispers. I stop breathing. He caresses my cheek. “So did I,” I murmur with the little breath I have left. His eyes soften. “I know,” he mouths. “You do?” “Yes.” Hallelujah! I smile shyly at him. “Finally,” I whisper. He nods. “And it’s put everything into perspective for me. When I was younger, Elena was the center of my world. There was nothing I wouldn’t do for her. And she did a lot for me. She stopped my drinking. Made me work hard at school . . . You know, she gave me a coping mechanism I hadn’t had before, allowed me to experience things that I never thought I could.” “Touch,” I whisper. He nods. “After a fashion.” I frown, wondering what he means. He hesitates at my reaction. Tell me! I will him.
“If you grow up with a wholly negative self-image, thinking you’re some kind of reject, an unlovable savage, you think you deserve to be beaten.” Christian . . . you are none of those things. He pauses and runs his hand through his hair. “Ana, it’s much easier to wear your pain on the outside . . .” Again, it’s a confession. Oh. “She channeled my anger.” His mouth presses together in a bleak line. “Mostly inward—I realize that now. Dr. Flynn’s been on and on about this for some time. It was only recently that I saw our relationship for what it was. You know . . . on my birthday.” I shudder as the unwelcome memory of Elena and Christian verbally eviscerating each other at Christian’s birthday party surfaces unwelcome in my mind. “For her that side of our relationship was about sex and control and a lonely woman finding some kind of comfort with her boy toy.” “But you like control,” I whisper. “Yes. I do. I always will, Ana. It’s who I am. I surrendered it for a brief while. Let someone make all my decisions for me. I couldn’t do it myself—I wasn’t in a fit state. But through my submission to her, I found myself and found the strength to take charge of my life . . . take control and make my own decisions.” “Become a Dom?” “Yes.” “Your decision?” “Yes.” “Dropping out of Harvard?” “My decision, and it was the best decision I ever made. Until I met you.” “Me?” “Yes.” His lips quirk up in a soft smile. “The best decision I ever made was marrying you.” Oh my. “Not starting your company?” He shakes his head. “Not learning to fly?” He shakes his head. “You,” he mouths. He caresses my cheek with his knuckles. “She knew,” he whispers. I frown. “She knew what?” “That I was head over heels in love with you. She encouraged me to go down to Georgia to see you, and I’m glad she did. She thought you’d freak out and leave. Which you did.” I pale. I’d rather not think about that. “She thought I needed all the trappings of the lifestyle I enjoyed.” “The Dom?” I whisper. He nods. “It enabled me to keep everyone at arm’s length, gave me control, and kept me detached, or so I thought. I’m sure you’ve worked out why,” he adds softly. “Your birth mom?” “I didn’t want to be hurt again. And then you left me.” His words are barely audible. “And I was a mess.” Oh, no. “I’ve avoided intimacy for so long—I don’t know how to do this.” “You’re doing fine,” I murmur. I trace his lips with my index finger. He purses them into a kiss.
You’re talking to me. “Do you miss it?” I whisper. “Miss it?” “That lifestyle.” “Yes, I do.” Oh! “But only insofar as I miss the control it brings. And frankly, your stupid stunt”—he stops—“that saved my sister,” he whispers, his words full of relief, awe, and disbelief. “That’s how I know.” “Know?” “Really know that you love me.” I frown. “You do?” “Yes. Because you risked so much . . . for me, for my family.” My frown deepens. He reaches over and traces his finger over the middle of my brow above my nose. “You have a V here when you frown,” he murmurs. “It’s very soft to kiss. I can behave so badly . . . and yet you’re still here.” “Why are you surprised I’m still here? I told you I wasn’t going to leave you.” “Because of the way that I behaved when you told me you were pregnant.” He runs his finger down my cheek. “You were right. I am an adolescent.” Oh shit . . . I did say that. My subconscious glares at me. His doctor said that! “Christian, I said some awful things.” He puts his index finger over my lips. “Hush. I deserved to hear them. Besides this is my bedtime story.” He rolls onto his back again. “When you told me you were pregnant—” He stops. “I’d thought it would be just you and me for a while. I’d considered children, but only in the abstract. I had this vague idea we’d have a child sometime in the future.” Just one? No . . . Not an only child. Not like me. Perhaps now’s not the best time to bring that up. “You are still so young, and I know you’re quietly ambitious.” Ambitious? Me? “Well, you pulled the rug from under me. Christ, was that unexpected. Never in a million years, when I asked you what was wrong, did I expect you to be pregnant.” He sighs. “I was so mad. Mad at you. Mad at myself. Mad at everyone. And it took me back, that feeling of nothing being in my control. I had to get out. I went to see Flynn, but he was at some school parents’ evening.” Christian pauses and arches an eyebrow. “Ironic,” I whisper. Christian smirks in agreement. “So I walked and walked and walked, and I just . . . found myself at the salon. Elena was leaving. She was surprised to see me. And, truth be told, I was surprised to find myself there. She could tell I was mad and asked me if I wanted a drink.” Oh shit. We’ve cut to the chase. My heart doubles in speed. Do I really want to know this? My subconscious glares at me, a plucked eyebrow raised in warning. “We went to a quiet bar I know and had a bottle of wine. She apologized for the way she behaved the last time she saw us. She’s hurt that my mom will have nothing to do with her any more—it’s narrowed her social circle—but she understands. We talked about the business, which is doing fine, in spite of the recession . . . I mentioned that you wanted kids.” I frown. “I thought you let her know I was pregnant.” He regards me, his face guileless. “No, I didn’t.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that?” He shrugs. “I never got the chance.” “Yes, you did.” “I couldn’t find you the next morning, Ana. And when I did, you were so mad at me . . .” Oh, yes. “I was.” “Anyway, at some point in the evening—about halfway through the second bottle—she leaned over to touch me. And I froze,” he whispers, throwing his arm over his eyes. My scalp tingles. What’s this? “She saw that I recoiled from her. It shocked both of us.” His voice is low, too low. Christian look at me! I tug at his arm and he lowers it, turning to gaze into my eyes. Shit. His face is pale, his eyes wide. “What?” I breathe. He frowns, and swallows. Oh . . . what isn’t he telling me? Do I want to know? “She made a pass at me.” He’s shocked, I can tell. All the breath is sucked from my body. I feel winded, and I think my heart has stopped. That fucking bitch troll! “It was a moment, suspended in time. She saw my expression, and she realized how far she’d crossed the line. I said . . . no. I haven’t thought of her like that for years, and besides”—he swallows —“I love you. I told her, I love my wife.” I gaze at him. I don’t know what to say. “She backed right off. Apologized again, made it seem like a joke. I mean, she said she’s happy with Isaac and with the business and she doesn’t bear either of us any ill will. She said she missed my friendship, but she could see that my life was with you now. And how awkward that was, given what happened last time we were all in the same room. I couldn’t have agreed with her more. We said our good-byes—our final good-byes. I said I wouldn’t see her again, and she went on her way.” I swallow, fear gripping my heart. “Did you kiss?” “No!” he snorts. “I couldn’t bear to be that close to her.” Oh. Good. “I was miserable. I wanted to come home to you. But . . . I knew I’d behaved badly. I stayed and finished the bottle, then started on the bourbon. While I was drinking, I remember you saying to me some time ago, ‘If that was my son . . .’ And I got to thinking about Junior and about how Elena and I started. And it made me feel . . . uncomfortable. I’d never thought of it like that before.” A memory blossoms in my mind—a whispered conversation from when I was half conscious— Christian’s voice: “But seeing her finally put it all in perspective for me. You know . . . with the child. For the first time I felt . . . What we did . . . it was wrong.” He’d been speaking to Grace. “That’s it?” “Pretty much.” “Oh.” “Oh?” “It’s over?” “Yes. It’s been over since I laid eyes on you. I finally realized it that night and so did she.” “I’m sorry,” I mutter. He frowns. “What for?” “Being so angry the next day.”
He snorts. “Baby, I understand angry.” He pauses then sighs. “You see, Ana, I want you to myself. I don’t want to share you. What we have, I’ve never had before. I want to be the center of your universe, for a while at least.” Oh, Christian. “You are. That’s not going to change.” He gives me an indulgent, sad, resigned smile. “Ana,” he whispers. “That’s just not true.” Tears prick my eyes. “How can it be?” he murmurs. Oh, no. “Shit—don’t cry, Ana. Please, don’t cry.” He caresses my face. “I’m sorry.” My lower lip trembles, and he brushes his thumb over it, soothing me. “No, Ana, no. Don’t be sorry. You’ll have someone else to love as well. And you’re right. That’s how it should be.” “Blip will love you, too. You’ll be the center of Blip’s—Junior’s world,” I whisper. “Children love their parents unconditionally, Christian. That’s how they come into the world. Programmed to love. All babies . . . even you. Think about that children’s book you liked when you were small. You still wanted your mom. You loved her.” He furrows his brow and withdraws his hand, fisting it against his chin. “No,” he whispers. “Yes. You did.” My tears flow freely now. “Of course you did. It wasn’t an option. That’s why you’re so hurt.” He stares at me, his expression raw. “That’s why you’re able to love me,” I murmur. “Forgive her. She had her own world of pain to deal with. She was a shitty mother, and you loved her.” He gazes at me, saying nothing, eyes haunted—by memories I can’t begin to fathom. Oh, please don’t stop talking. Eventually he says, “I used to brush her hair. She was pretty.” “One look at you and no one would doubt that.” “She was a shitty mother.” His voice is barely audible. I nod and he closes his eyes. “I’m scared I’ll be a shitty father.” I stroke his dear face. Oh, my Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. “Christian, do you think for one minute I’d let you be a shitty father?” He opens his eyes and gazes at me for what feels like an eternity. He smiles as relief slowly illuminates his face. “No, I don’t think you would.” He caresses my face with the back of his knuckles, gazing at me in wonder. “God, you’re strong, Mrs. Grey. I love you so much.” He kisses my forehead. “I didn’t know I could.” “Oh, Christian,” I whisper, trying to contain my emotions. “Now, that’s the end of your bedtime story.” “That’s some bedside story . . .” He smiles wistfully, but I think he’s relieved. “How’s your head?” “My head?” Actually, it’s about to explode with all you’ve told me! “Does it hurt?” “No.” “Good. I think you should sleep now.” Sleep! How can I sleep after all that? “Sleep,” he says sternly. “You need it.”
I pout. “I have one question.” “Oh? What?” He eyes me warily. “Why have you suddenly become all . . . forthcoming, for want of a better word?” He frowns. “You’re telling me all this, when getting information out of you is normally a pretty harrowing and trying experience.” “It is? “You know it is.” “Why am I being forthcoming? I can’t say. Seeing you practically dead on the cold concrete, maybe. The fact I’m going to be a father. I don’t know. You said you wanted to know, and I don’t want Elena to come between us. She can’t. She’s the past, and I’ve said that to you so many times.” “If she hadn’t made a pass at you . . . would you still be friends?” “That’s more than one question.” “Sorry. You don’t have to tell me.” I flush. “You’ve already volunteered more than I ever thought you would.” His gaze softens. “No, I don’t think so, but she’s felt like unfinished business since my birthday. She stepped over the line, and I’m done. Please, believe me. I’m not going to see her again. You said she’s a hard limit for you. That’s a term I understand,” he says with quiet sincerity. Okay. I’m going to let this go now. My subconscious sags into her armchair. Finally! “Goodnight, Christian. Thank you for the enlightening bedtime story.” I lean over to kiss him, and our lips touch briefly, but he pulls back when I try to deepen the kiss. “Don’t,” he whispers. “I am desperate to make love to you.” “Then do.” “No, you need to rest, and it’s late. Go to sleep.” He switches off the bedside light, plunging us into darkness. “I love you unconditionally, Christian,” I murmur as I cuddle into his side. “I know,” he whispers, and I sense his shy smile. I wake with a start. Light is flooding the room, and Christian is not in bed. I glance at the clock and see it’s seven fifty-three. I take a deep breath and wince as my ribs smart though not as badly as yesterday. I think I could go to work. Work—Yes. I want to go to work. It’s Monday, and I spent all of yesterday lounging about in bed. Christian only let me go out briefly to see Ray. Honestly, he’s still such a control freak. I smile fondly. My control freak. He’s been attentive and loving and chatty . . . and hands-off since I arrived home. I scowl. I am going to have to do something about this. My head doesn’t hurt, the pain around my ribs has eased—though, admittedly, laughing has to be undertaken with caution—but I’m frustrated. I think this is the longest I’ve gone without sex since . . . well, since the first time. I think we’ve both recovered our equilibrium. Christian is much more relaxed; his long bedtime story seems to have laid some ghosts to rest, for him and for me. We’ll see. I shower quickly, and once I’m dry, I browse carefully through my clothes. I want something sexy. Something that might galvanize Christian into action. Who would have thought such an insatiable man could actually exercise so much self-control? I don’t really want to dwell on how Christian learned
such discipline over his body. We haven’t spoken of the Bitch Troll once since his confessional. I hope we never do. To me she’s dead and buried. I choose an almost indecently short black skirt and a white silk blouse with a frill. I slide on thighhighs with lacy tops and my black Louboutin pumps. A little mascara and lip gloss for a natural look, and after a ferocious brushing, I leave my hair loose. Yes. This should do it. Christian is eating at the breakfast bar. His forkful of omelet stops in midair when he sees me. He frowns. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey. Going somewhere?” “Work.” I smile sweetly. “I don’t think so.” Christian snorts with amused derision. “Dr. Singh said a week off.” “Christian, I am not spending the day lounging in bed on my own. So I may as well go to work. Good morning, Gail.” “Mrs. Grey.” Mrs. Jones tries to hide a smile. “Would you like some breakfast?” “Please.” “Granola?” “I’d prefer scrambled eggs with whole wheat toast.” Mrs. Jones grins and Christian registers his surprise. “Very good, Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Jones says. “Ana, you are not going to work.” “But—” “No. It’s simple. Don’t argue.” Christian is adamant. I glare at him, and only then do I notice that he’s in the same pajama bottoms and T-shirt he was wearing last night. “Are you going to work?” I ask. “No.” Am I going crazy? “It is Monday, right?” He smiles. “Last time I looked.” I narrow my eyes. “Are you playing hooky?” “I’m not leaving you here on your own to get into trouble. And Dr. Singh said it would be a week before you could go back to work. Remember?” I slide onto a bar stool beside him and hoist my skirt up a little. Mrs. Jones places a cup of tea in front of me.“You look good,” Christian says. I cross my legs. “Very good. Especially here.” He traces a finger over the bare flesh that shows above my thigh-highs. My pulse quickens as his finger runs across my skin. “This skirt is very short,” he murmurs, vague disapproval in his voice as his eyes follow his finger. “Is it? I hadn’t noticed.” Christian gazes at me, mouth twisted in an amused yet exasperated smirk. “Really, Mrs. Grey?” I blush. “I’m not sure this look is suitable for the workplace,” he murmurs. “Well, since I’m not going to work, that’s a moot point.” “Moot?” “Moot,” I mouth. Christian smirks again and resumes eating his omelet. “I have a better idea.” “You do?” He glances at me through long lashes, gray eyes darkening. I inhale sharply. Oh, my. About time.
“We can go see how Elliot’s getting on with the house.” What? Oh! Tease! I vaguely remember we were supposed to do that before Ray was injured. “I’d love to.” “Good.” He grins. “Don’t you have to work?” “No. Ros is back from Taiwan. That all went well. Today, everything’s fine.” “I thought you were going to Taiwan.” He snorts again. “Ana, you were in the hospital.” “Oh.” “Yeah—oh. So today I’m spending some quality time with my wife.” He smacks his lips together as he takes a sip of coffee. “Quality time?” I can’t disguise the hope in my voice. Mrs. Jones places my scrambled eggs in front of me, again failing to hide her smile. Christian smirks. “Quality time.” He nods. I am too hungry to flirt anymore with my husband. “It’s good to see you eat,” he murmurs. Rising, he leans over and kisses my hair. “I’m going to shower.” “Um . . . can I come and scrub your back?” I mumble through a mouth full of toast and scrambled egg. “No. Eat.” Leaving the breakfast bar, he tugs his T-shirt over his head, treating me to the sight of his finely sculptured shoulders and naked back as he saunters out of the great room. I stop mid-chew. He’s doing this on purpose. Why? Christian is relaxed on the drive north. We’ve just left Ray and Mr. Rodriguez watching soccer on the new flat-screen television that I suspect Christian has bought for Ray’s hospital room. Christian has been laid back ever since “the talk.” It’s as if a weight has been lifted; Mrs. Robinson’s shadow no longer looms so large over us, maybe because I’ve decided to let it go—or because he has, I don’t know. But I feel closer to him now than I ever have before. Perhaps because he’s finally confided in me. I hope he continues to do so. And he’s more accepting of the baby, too. He hasn’t gone out and bought a crib yet, but I have high hopes. I gaze at him, drinking him in as he drives. He looks casual, cool . . . sexy with his tousled hair, Ray-Bans, pinstripe jacket, white linen shirt, and jeans. He glances at me and clasps my leg above the knee, his fingers stroking gently. “I’m glad you didn’t change.” I did slip on a denim jacket and change to flats, but I’m still wearing the short skirt. His hand lingers above my knee. I put my hand on his. “Are you going to continue to tease me?” “Maybe.” Christian smiles. “Why?” “Because I can.” He grins, boyish as ever. “Two can play at that game,” I whisper. His fingers move tantalizingly up my thigh. “Bring it on, Mrs. Grey.” His grin broadens. I pick up his hand and put it back on his knee. “Well, you can keep your hands to yourself.” He smirks. “As you wish, Mrs. Grey.”
Dammit. This game is going to backfire on me. Christian turns into the driveway of our new house. He stops at the keypad and punches in a number, and the ornate white metal gates swing open. We roar up the tree-lined lane under leaves that are a blend of green, yellow, and burnished copper. The tall grass in the meadow is turning gold, but there are still a few yellow wildflowers dotted among the grass. It’s a beautiful day. The sun is shining, and the salty tang of the Sound is in the air mixed with the scent of the coming fall. This is such a tranquil and beautiful place. And to think we’re going to make our home here. The lane curves around, and our house comes into view. Several large trucks, sides emblazoned with GR E Y CONSTRUCTION, are parked out front. The house is decked in scaffolding, and several workmen in hard hats are busy on the roof. Christian pulls up outside the portico and switches off the engine. I can sense his excitement. “Let’s go find Elliot.” “Is he here?” “I hope so. I’m paying him enough.” I snort, and Christian grins as we get out of the car. “Yo, Bro!” Elliot shouts from somewhere. We both glance around. “Up here!” He’s up on the roof, waving down at us and beaming from ear to ear. “About time we saw you here. Stay where you are. I’ll be right down.” I glance at Christian, who shrugs. A few minutes later, Elliot appears at the front door. “Hey, bro.” He shakes Christian’s hand. “And how are you, little lady?” He picks me up and swings me around. “Better, thanks,” I giggle breathlessly, my ribs protesting. Christian frowns at him, but Elliot ignores him. “Let’s head over to the site office. You’ll need one of these.” He taps his hard hat. The house is a shell. The floors are covered in a hard fibrous material that looks like burlap; some of the original walls have disappeared and new ones have taken their place. Elliot leads us through, explaining what’s happening, while men—and a few women—work everywhere around us. I’m relieved to see the stone staircase with its intricate iron balustrade is still in place and draped completely in white dustsheets. In the main living area, the back wall has been removed to make way for Gia’s glass wall, and work is beginning on the terrace. In spite of the mess, the view is still stunning. The new work is sympathetic and in keeping with the old-world charm of the house . . . Gia’s done well. Elliot patiently explains the processes and gives us a rough timeframe for each. He’s hoping we can be in by Christmas, although Christian thinks this is optimistic. Holy cow—Christmas overlooking the Sound. I can’t wait. A bubble of excitement blooms inside me. I have visions of us trimming an enormous tree while a copper-haired little boy looks on in wonder. Elliot finishes our tour in the kitchen. “I’ll leave you two to roam. Be careful. This is a building site.” “Sure. Thanks, Elliot,” Christian murmurs, taking my hand. “Happy?” he asks once Elliot has left us alone. I am gazing at this empty shell of a room and wondering where I will hang the pepper pictures that we bought in France. “Very. I love it. You?” “Ditto.” He grins.
“Good. I was thinking of the pepper pictures in here.” Christian nods. “I want to put up José’s portraits of you in this house. You need to decide where they should go.” I blush. “Somewhere I won’t see them often.” “Don’t be like that.” He scolds me, brushing his thumb across my bottom lip. “They’re my favorite pictures. I love the one in my office.” “I have no idea why,” I murmur and kiss the pad of his thumb. “Worse things to do than look at your beautiful smiling face all day. Hungry?” he asks. “Hungry for what?” I whisper. He smirks, his eyes darkening. Hope and desire unfurl in my veins. “Food, Mrs. Grey.” And he plants a swift kiss on my lips. I give him my faux pout and sigh. “Yes. These days I’m always hungry.” “The three of us can have a picnic.” “Three of us? Is someone joining us?” Christian cocks his head to one side. “In about seven or eight months.” Oh . . . Blip. I grin goofily at him. “I thought you might like to eat al fresco.” “In the meadow?” I ask. He nods. “Sure.” I grin. “This will be a great place to raise a family,” he murmurs, gazing down at me. Family! More than one? Dare I mention this now? He spreads his fingers over my belly. Holy shit. I hold my breath and place my hand over his. “It’s hard to believe,” he whispers, and for the first time I hear wonder in his voice. “I know. Oh—here, I have evidence. A picture.” “You do? Baby’s first smile?” I pull out the ultrasound of Blip from my wallet. “See?” Christian examines it closely, staring for several seconds. “Oh . . . Blip. Yeah, I see.” He sounds distracted, awed. “Your child,” I whisper. “Our child.” He counters. “First of many.” “Many?” Christian’s eyes widen with alarm. “At least two.” “Two?” He tests the word. “Can we just take this one child at a time?” I grin. “Sure.” We head back outside into the warm fall afternoon. “When are you going to tell your folks?” Christian asks. “Soon,” I murmur. “I thought about telling Ray this morning, but Mr. Rodriguez was there.” I shrug. Christian nods and opens the hood of the R8. Inside are a wicker picnic basket and the tartan blanket we bought in London. “Come,” he says, taking the basket and blanket in one hand and holding the other out to me. Together we walk into the meadow.
“Sure, Ros, go for it.” Christian hangs up. That’s the third call he’s taken during our picnic. He’s kicked off his shoes and socks, and is watching me, arms on his raised knees. His jacket lies discarded on top of mine, as we’re warm in the sun. I lie beside him, stretched out on the picnic blanket, both of us surrounded by tall golden and green grass far from the noise at the house and hidden from the prying eyes of the construction workers. We are in our own bucolic haven. He feeds me another strawberry, and I chew and suck it gratefully, gazing at his darkening eyes. “Tasty?” he whispers. “Very.” “Had enough?” “Of strawberries, yes.” His eyes glitter dangerously, and he grins. “Mrs. Jones packs a mighty fine picnic,” he says. “That she does,” I whisper. Shifting suddenly, he lies down so his head is resting on my belly. He closes his eyes and seems content. I tangle my fingers in his hair. He sighs heavily, then scowls and checks the number on the screen of his buzzing BlackBerry. He rolls his eyes and takes the call. “Welch,” he snaps. He tenses, listens for a second or two, then suddenly bolts upright. “24-7 . . . Thanks,” he says through gritted teeth and hangs up. The change in his mood is instant. Gone is my teasing, flirtatious husband, replaced by a cold, calculating master of the universe. He narrows his eyes for a moment then gives me a cool, chilling smile. A shiver runs down my back. He picks up his BlackBerry and presses a speed dial. “Ros, how much stock do we own in Lincoln Timber?” He kneels up. My scalp prickles. Oh no, what’s this? “So, consolidate the shares into GEH, then fire the board . . . except the CEO . . . I don’t give a fuck . . . I hear you, just do it . . . thank you . . . keep me informed.” He hangs up, and gazes at me impassively for a moment. Holy shit! Christian is mad. “What’s happened?” “Linc,” he murmurs. “Linc? Elena’s ex?” “The same. He’s the one who posted Hyde’s bail.” I gape at Christian in shock. His mouth is pressed in a hard line. “Well—he’ll look like an idiot,” I murmur, dismayed. “I mean, Hyde committed another crime while out on bail.” Christian’s eyes narrow and he smirks. “Fair point well made, Mrs. Grey.” “What did you just do?” I kneel, facing him. “I fucked him over.” Oh! “Um . . . that seems a little impulsive,” I murmur. “I’m an in-the-moment kind of guy.” “I’m aware of that.” His eyes narrow and his lips thin. “I’ve had this plan in my back pocket for a while,” he says dryly. I frown. “Oh?” He pauses, seeming to weigh something in his mind, then takes a deep breath. “Several years back, when I was twenty-one, Linc beat his wife to a pulp. He broke her jaw, her left arm, and four of her ribs because she was fucking me.” His eyes harden. “And now I learn he
posted bail for a man who tried to kill me, kidnapped my sister, and fractured my wife’s skull. I’ve had enough. I think it’s payback time.” I blanch. Holy shit. “Fair point well made, Mr. Grey,” I whisper. “Ana, this is what I do. I’m not usually motivated by revenge, but I cannot let him get away with this. What he did to Elena . . . well, she should have pressed charges, but she didn’t. That was her prerogative. “But he’s seriously crossed the line with Hyde. Linc’s made this personal by going after my family. I’m going to crush him, break up his company right under his nose, and sell the pieces to the highest bidder. I am going to bankrupt him.” Oh . . . “Besides.” Christian smirks. “We’ll make good money out of the deal.” I stare into blazing gray eyes that soften suddenly. “I didn’t mean to frighten you,” he whispers. “You didn’t,” I lie. He arches a brow, amused. “You just took me by surprise,” I whisper, then swallow. Christian is really quite scary sometimes. He brushes his lips against mine. “I will do anything to keep you safe. Keep my family safe. Keep this little one safe,” he murmurs and splays his hand out over my belly in a gentle caress. Oh . . . I stop breathing. Christian gazes down at me, his eyes darkening. His lips part as he inhales and, in a deliberate move, the tips of his fingers brush against my sex. Holy shit. Desire detonates like an incendiary device igniting my bloodstream. I grasp his head, my fingers weaving into his hair, and tug hard so my lips find his. He gasps, surprised by my assault, giving my tongue free passage into his mouth. He groans and kisses me back, his lips and tongue hungry for mine, and for a moment we consume each other, lost in tongues and lips and breaths and sweet, sweet sensation as we rediscover each other. Oh, I want this man. It’s been too long. I want him here, now, in the open air, in our meadow. “Ana,” he breathes, entranced, and his hand skims over my backside to the hem of my skirt. I scramble to unbutton his shirt, all fingers and thumbs. “Whoa, Ana—stop.” He pulls back, his jaw clenched, and grabs my hands. “No.” My teeth clamp gently around his lower lip and I tug. “No,” I murmur again, gazing at him. I release him. “I want you.” He inhales sharply. He’s torn, his indecision writ large in luminous gray eyes. “Please, I need you.” Every pore of my being is begging. This is what we do. He groans in defeat as his mouth finds mine, molding my lips to his. One hand cradles my head while the other skims down my body to my waist, and he eases me onto my back and stretches out beside me, never breaking contact with my mouth. He pulls back, hovering over me and gazing down. “You are so beautiful, Mrs. Grey.” I caress his lovely face. “So are you, Mr. Grey. Inside and out.” He frowns, and my fingers trace the furrow in his brow. “Don’t frown. You are to me, even when you’re angry,” I whisper. He groans once more, and his mouth captures mine, pushing me into the soft grass beneath the blanket. “I’ve missed you,” he whispers, and his teeth graze my jaw. My heart soars. “I’ve missed you, too. Oh, Christian.” I fist one hand in his hair and clutch his shoulder with the other.
His lips move to my throat, leaving tender kisses in their wake, and his fingers follow, deftly undoing each button of my blouse. Tugging my blouse apart, he kisses the soft swell of my breasts. He murmurs appreciatively, low in his throat, and the sound echoes through my body to my deep dark places. “Your body’s changing,” he whispers. His thumb teases my nipple until it’s erect and straining against my bra. “I like,” he adds. I watch his tongue taste and trace the line between my bra and my breast, tantalizing and teasing me. Taking my bra cup delicately between his teeth, he pulls it down, freeing my breast and nuzzling my nipple with his nose in the process. It puckers at his touch and from the chill of the gentle fall breeze. His lips close around me, and he sucks long and hard. “Ah!” I groan, inhaling sharply then wincing as pain radiates outward from my bruised ribs. “Ana!” Christian exclaims and glares down at me, concern etched on his face. “This is what I’m talking about,” he admonishes. “Your lack of self-preservation. I don’t want to hurt you.” “No . . . don’t stop,” I whimper. He stares at me, warring with himself. “Please.” “Here.” Abruptly he moves, and I’m sitting astride him, my short skirt now bunched up around my hips. His hands glide over the top of my thigh-highs. “There. That’s better, and I can enjoy the view.” He reaches up and hooks his long index finger into my other bra cup, freeing that breast, too. He grasps both of my breasts, and I throw my head back, pushing them into his welcome, expert hands. He teases me, tugging and rolling my nipples until I cry out, then sits up so we’re nose to nose, his greedy gray eyes on mine. He kisses me, his fingers still teasing me. I scramble for his shirt, undoing the first two buttons, and it’s like sensory overload—I want to be kissing him everywhere, undressing him, making love with him all at once. “Hey—” He gently grasps my head and pulls back, eyes dark and full of sensual promise. “There’s no rush. Take it slow. I want to savor you.” “Christian, it’s been so long.” I’m panting. “Slow,” he whispers, and it’s a command. He kisses the right corner of my mouth. “Slow.” He kisses the left corner. “Slow, baby.” He tugs my bottom lip with his teeth. “Let’s take this slow.” He unfurls his fingers in my hair, keeping me in place as his tongue invades my mouth, seeking, tasting, calming . . . inflaming. Oh, my man can kiss. I caress his face, my fingers moving tentatively down to his chin then to his throat, and I start again on the buttons of his shirt, taking my time, as he continues to kiss me. Slowly I pull his shirt apart, my fingers trailing over his clavicles, feeling their way across his warm, silky skin. I push him gently back until he’s lying beneath me. Sitting up, I gaze down at him, aware that I’m squirming against his growing erection. Hmm. I trace my fingers across his lips to his jaw then down his neck, over his Adam’s apple to that little dip at the base of his throat. My beautiful man. I lean down, and my kisses follow the tips of my fingers. My teeth graze his jaw and kiss his throat. He closes his eyes. “Ah.” He groans and tilts his head back, giving me easier access to the base of his throat, his mouth slack and open in silent veneration. Christian lost and aroused is just so exhilarating . . . and so arousing to me. My tongue trails down his sternum, twirling through his chest hair. Hmm. He tastes so good. He smells so good. Intoxicating. I kiss first one, then two of his small round scars, and he grasps my hips, so my fingers halt on his chest as I gaze down at him. His breathing is harsh. “You want this? Here?” he breathes, his eyes hooded with a heady combination of love and lust. “Yes,” I murmur, and my lips and tongue graze across his chest to his nipple. I pull and roll it gently with my teeth. “Oh, Ana,” he whispers and circling my waist he lifts me, tugging at his button and fly so he springs
free. He sits me down again, and I push against him, delighting in the feel of him hot and hard beneath me. He runs his hands up my thighs, pausing where my thigh-highs stop and my flesh begins, his hands running small teasing circles at the top of my thighs so that the tips of his thumbs touch me . . . touch me where I want to be touched. I gasp. “I hope you’re not attached to your underwear,” he murmurs, his eyes wild and bright. His fingers trace the elastic along my belly then slide inside, teasing me, before grabbing my panties tightly and pushing his thumbs through the delicate material. My panties disintegrate. His hands splay out on my thighs, and his thumbs brush against my sex once more. He flexes his hips so his erection rubs against me. “I can feel how wet you are.” His voice is tinged with carnal appreciation, and he suddenly sits up, his arm around my waist again, so we’re nose to nose. He rubs his nose against mine. “We’re going to take this slow, Mrs. Grey. I want to feel all of you.” He lifts me, and with exquisite, frustrating, slow ease, lowers me onto him. I feel each blessed inch of him fill me. “Ah—” I moan incoherently as I reach out to clasp his arms. I try to lift myself off him for some welcome friction, but he holds me in place. “All of me,” he whispers and tilts his pelvis, pushing himself into me all the way. I throw my head back and let out a strangled cry of pure pleasure. “Let me hear you,” he murmurs. “No—don’t move, just feel.” I open my eyes, my mouth frozen in a silent Ah! And he’s gazing at me, hooded, licentious gray eyes into dazed blue. He shifts, rolling his hips, but holds me in place. I groan. His lips are at my throat, kissing me. “This is my favorite place. Buried in you,” he murmurs against my skin. “Please, move,” I plead. “Slow, Mrs. Grey.” He flexes his hips again and pleasure radiates through me. I cup his face and kiss him, consuming him. “Love me. Please, Christian.” His teeth skim my jaw up to my ear. “Go,” he whispers, and he lifts me up and down. My inner goddess is unleashed, and I push him down on the ground and start to move, savoring the feeling of him inside me . . . riding him . . . riding him hard. With his hands around my waist he matches my rhythm. I have missed this . . . the heady feeling of him beneath me, inside me . . . the sun on my back, the sweet smell of fall in the air, the gentle autumnal breeze. It’s a heady fusion of senses: touch, taste, smell, and the sight of my beloved husband beneath me. “Oh, Ana.” He groans, eyes closed, head back, mouth open. Ah . . . I love this. And inside, I’m building . . . building . . . climbing . . . higher. Christian’s hands move to my thighs, and delicately his thumbs press at their apex, and I explode around him over and over and over and over, and I collapse, sprawled on his chest as he cries out in turn, letting go and calling out my name with love and joy. He cuddles me against his chest, cradling my head. Hmm. Closing my eyes, I savor the feel of his arms around me. My hand is on his chest, feeling the steady beat of his heart as it slows and calms. I kiss and nuzzle him, and marvel briefly that not long ago he would not have let me do this. “Better?” he whispers. I raise my head. He’s grinning broadly. “Much. You?” My answering grin reflects his. “I’ve missed you, Mrs. Grey.” He’s serious for a moment. “Me, too.”
“No more heroics, eh?” “No,” I promise. “You should always talk to me,” he whispers. “Back at you, Grey.” He smirks. “Fair point well made. I’ll try.” He kisses my hair. “I think we’re going to be happy here,” I whisper, closing my eyes again. “Yep. You, me and . . . Blip. How do you feel, incidentally?” “Fine. Relaxed. Happy.” “Good.” “You?” “Yeah, all those things,” he murmurs. I look up at him, trying to gauge his expression. “What?” he asks. “You know, you’re very bossy when we have sex.” “Are you complaining?” “No. I’m just wondering . . . you said you missed it.” He stills, gazing at me. “Sometimes,” he whispers. Oh. “Well, we’ll have to see what we can do about that,” I murmur and kiss him lightly on his lips, curling around him like a vine. Images of us together, in the playroom; the Tallis, the table, on the cross, shackled to the bed . . . I love his kinky fuckery—our kinky fuckery. Yes. I can do that stuff. I can do that for him, with him. I can do that for me. My skin tingles as I remember the riding crop. “I like to play, too,” I murmur, and glancing up, I’m treated to his shy smile. “You know, I’d really like to test your limits,” he whispers. “My limits for what?” “Pleasure.” “Oh, I think I’d like that.” My inner goddess drops into a dead faint. “Well, maybe when we get home,” he whispers, leaving that promise hanging between us. I nuzzle him once more. I love him so. It’s been two days since our picnic. Two days since the promise of well, maybe when we get home was made. Christian is still treating me like I’m made of glass. He still won’t let me go to work, so I have been working from home. I put the stack of query letters I’ve been reading aside on my desk and sigh. Christian and I haven’t been back in the playroom since I safe worded. And he’s said he misses it. Well, so do I . . . especially now that he wants to explore my limits. I flush, thinking what that could possibly entail. I glance at the billiard table . . . Yes I can’t wait to explore those. My thoughts are interrupted by soft, lyrical music that fills the apartment. Christian is playing the piano; not one of his usual laments but a sweet melody, a hopeful melody—one that I recognize, but have never heard him play. I tiptoe to the archway of the great room and watch Christian at the piano. It’s dusk. The sky is an opulent pink, and the light is reflected off his burnished copper hair. He looks his beautiful breathtaking self, concentrating as he plays, unaware of my presence. He’s been so forthcoming over the last few days, so attentive—offering small insights into his day, his thoughts, his plans. It’s as if
he’s breached a dam and started talking. I know he’ll come to check on me in a few minutes, and it gives me an idea. Excited, I steal away, hoping that he still hasn’t noticed me, and race to our room, stripping off my clothes as I go, until I’m wearing nothing but pale blue lace panties. I find a pale blue camisole and slip into it quickly. It will hide my bruise. Diving into the closet, I pull out Christian’s faded jeans—his playroom jeans, my favorite jeans—from the drawer. From my bedside table I pick up my BlackBerry, fold the jeans neatly, and kneel by the bedroom door. The door is ajar, and I can hear the strains of another piece, one I don’t know. But it’s another hopeful tune; it’s lovely. Quickly I type an email. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: My Husband’s Pleasure Date: September 21, 2011 20:45 To: Christian Grey Sir I await your instructions. Yours always Mrs. G x I press send. A few moments later the music stops abruptly. My heart lurches and starts pounding. I wait and wait and eventually my BlackBerry buzzes. From: Christian Grey Subject: My Husband’s Pleasure <--- love this title baby Date: September 21, 2011 20:48 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. G I’m intrigued. I’ll come find you. Be ready. Christian Grey Anticipative CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Be ready! My heart starts to pound and I begin to count. Thirty-seven seconds later the door opens. I’m looking down at his bare feet as they pause on the threshold. Hmm. He says nothing. For ages he says nothing. Oh shit. I resist the urge to look up at him and keep my eyes downcast. Finally, he reaches down and picks up his jeans. He stays silent but heads into the walk-in closet while I remain stock-still. Oh my . . . this is it. My heart is thundering, and I relish the rush of adrenaline that spikes through my body. I squirm as my excitement builds. What will he do to me? A few moments later he’s back, wearing the jeans. “So you want to play?” he murmurs. “Yes.” He says nothing, and I risk a quick glance . . . up his jeans, his denim clad thighs, the soft bulge at his fly, the open button at the waist, his happy trail, his navel, his chiseled abdomen, his chest hair, his gray eyes blazing, and his head cocked to one side. He’s arching an eyebrow. Oh shit. “Yes what?” he whispers. Oh. “Yes, Sir.”
His eyes soften. “Good girl,” he murmurs, and he caresses my head. “I think we’d better get you upstairs now,” he adds. My insides liquefy, and my belly clenches in that delicious way. He takes my hand and I follow him through the apartment and up the stairs. Outside the playroom door, he halts and bends and kisses me gently before grasping my hair hard. “You know, you’re topping from the bottom,” he murmurs against my lips. “What?” I don’t understand what he’s talking about. “Don’t worry. I’ll live with it,” he whispers, amused, and he runs his nose along my jaw and gently bites my ear. “Once inside, kneel, like I’ve shown you.” “Yes . . . Sir.” He gazes down at me, eyes shining with love, wonder, and wicked thoughts. Jeez . . . Life is never going to be boring with Christian, and I’m in this for the long haul. I love this man: my husband, my lover, father of my child, my sometimes Dominant . . . my Fifty Shades.
The Big House, May 2014 I lie on our tartan picnic blanket and gaze up at the clear, blue, summer sky, my view framed by meadow flowers and tall green grasses. The heat of the afternoon summer sun warms my skin, my bones and my belly, and I relax, my body turning to Jell-O. This is comfortable. Hell no . . . this is wonderful. I savor the moment, a moment of peace, a moment of pure and utter contentment. I should feel guilty for feeling this joy, this completeness, but I don’t. Life right here right now is good, and I’ve learned to appreciate it and live in the moment like my husband. I smile and squirm as my mind drifts to the delicious memory of last night at our home in Escala . . . The strands of the flogger skim across my swollen belly at an aching, languorous pace. “Have you had enough yet, Ana?” Christian whispers in my ear. “Oh, please.” I beg, pulling on the restraints above my head as I stand blindfolded and tethered to the grid in the playroom. The flogger’s sweet sting bites into my behind. “Please what?” I gasp. “Please, Sir.” Christian places his hand over my ringing skin and rubs gently. “There. There. There.” His words are soft. His hand moves south and around, and his fingers slide inside me. I groan. “Mrs. Grey,” he breathes, and his teeth pull on my earlobe. “You’re so ready.” His fingers slide in and out of me, hitting that spot, that sweet, sweet spot again. The flogger clatters onto the floor and his hand moves over my belly and up to my breasts. I tense. They are sensitive. “Hush,” Christian says, cupping one, and he gently brushes his thumb over my nipple. “Ah.”
His fingers are gentle and enticing, and pleasure spirals out from my breast, down, down . . . deep down. I tilt my head back, pushing my nipple into his palm, and moan once more. “I like to hear you,” Christian whispers. His erection is at my hip, the buttons of his fly pressing into my flesh as his fingers continue their relentless assault: in, out, in, out—keeping a rhythm. “Shall I make you come like this?” he asks. “No.” His fingers stop moving inside me. “Really, Mrs. Grey? Is it up to you?” His fingers tighten around my nipple. “No . . . No, Sir.” “That’s better.” “Ah. Please,” I beg. “What do you want, Anastasia?” “You. Always.” He inhales sharply. “All of you,” I add, breathless. He eases his fingers out of me, pulls me around to face him, and removes the blindfold. I blink up into darkening gray eyes that burn into mine. His index fingers trace my bottom lip, and he pushes his index and middle fingers into my mouth, letting me taste the salty tang of my arousal. “Suck,” he whispers. I swirl my tongue around and between his fingers. Hmm . . . even I taste good on his fingers. His hands skim up my arms to the cuffs above my head, and he unclips them, freeing me. Turning me around so I’m facing the wall, he tugs on my braid, pulling me into his arms. He angles my head to one side and skims his lips up my throat to my ear while holding me flush against him. “I want in your mouth.” His voice is soft and seductive. My body, ripe and ready, clenches deep inside. The pleasure is sweet and sharp. I moan. Turning to face him, I pull his head down to mine and kiss him hard, my tongue invading his mouth, tasting and savoring him. He groans, places his hands on my behind and tugs me against him, but only my pregnant belly touches him. I bite his jaw and trail kisses down his throat and run my fingers down to his jeans. He tilts his head back, exposing more of his throat to me, and I run my tongue down to his chest and through his chest hair. “Ah.” I tug the waistband of his jeans, the buttons popping, and he grasps my shoulders as I sink to my knees in front of him. As I gaze up at him through my lashes, he stares down at me. His eyes are dark, his lips parted, and he inhales deeply when I free him and ensnare him with my mouth. I love doing this to Christian. Watching him come apart, hearing his breath hitch, and the soft moans he makes deep in his throat. I close my eyes and suck hard, pressing down on him, relishing his taste and his breathless gasp. He grasps my head, stilling me, and I sheath my teeth with my lips and push him deeper into my mouth. “Open your eyes and look at me,” he orders, his voice low. Blazing eyes meet mine and he flexes his hips, filling my mouth to the back of my throat then withdrawing quickly. He pushes into me again and I reach up to grab him. He stops and holds me in place. “Don’t touch or I’ll cuff you again. I just want your mouth,” he growls. Oh my. Like that is it? I put my hands behind my back and gaze up at him innocently with my mouth
full. “Good girl,” he says, smirking down at me, his voice hoarse. He eases back, and holding me gently but firmly, he pushes into me again. “You have such a fuckable mouth, Mrs. Grey.” He closes his eyes and eases into my mouth as I squeeze him between my lips, running my tongue over and around him. I take him deeper and withdraw, again and again and again, the air hissing between his teeth. “Ah! Stop,” he says, and he pulls out of me, leaving me wanting more. He grasps my shoulders and pulls me to my feet. Grabbing my braid, he kisses me hard, his persistent tongue greedy and giving at once. Suddenly he releases me, and before I know it, he’s lifted me into his arms and moved over to the four-poster. Gently, he lays me down so that my behind is just on the edge of the bed. “Wrap your legs around my waist,” he orders. I do and pull him toward me. He leans down, hands either side of my head, and still standing, very slowly eases himself into me. Oh, that feels so good. I close my eyes and revel in his slow possession. “Okay?” he asks, his concern evident in his tone. “Oh, God, Christian. Yes. Yes. Please.” I tighten my legs around him and push against him. He groans. I clasp his arms, and he flexes his hips slowly at first, in, out. “Christian, please. Harder—I won’t break.” He groans and starts to move, really move, pounding into me again and again. Oh, it’s heavenly. “Yes,” I gasp, tightening my hold on him as I start to build . . . He moans, grinding into me with renewed determination . . . and I’m close. Oh, please. Don’t stop. “Come on, Ana,” he groans through gritted teeth, and I explode around him, my orgasm going on and on and on. I call out his name and Christian stills, groaning loudly, as he climaxes inside me. “Ana,” he cries. Christian lies beside me, his hand caressing my belly, his long fingers splayed out wide. “How’s my daughter?” “She’s dancing.” I laugh. “Dancing? Oh yes! Wow. I can feel her.” He grins as Blip Two somersaults inside me. “I think she likes sex already.” Christian frowns. “Really?” he says dryly. He moves so his lips are against my bump. “There’ll be none of that until you’re thirty, young lady.” I giggle. “Oh, Christian, you are such a hypocrite.” “No, I’m an anxious father.” He gazes up at me, his brow furrowed, betraying his anxiety. “You’re a wonderful father, as I knew you would be.” I caress his lovely face, and he gives me his shy smile. “I like this,” he murmurs, stroking then kissing my belly. “There’s more of you.” I pout. “I don’t like more of me.” “It’s great when you come.” “Christian!” “And I’m looking forward to the taste of breast milk again.” “Christian! You are such a kinky—” He swoops on me suddenly, kissing me hard, throwing his leg over mine, and grabbing my hands so they are above my head. “You love the kinky fuckery,” he whispers, and he runs his nose down mine. I grin, caught in his infectious, wicked smile. “Yes, I love the kinky fuckery. And I love you. Very much.”
I jerk awake, woken by a high-pitched squeal of delight from my son, and even though I can’t see him or Christian, I grin like an idiot with my glee. Ted has woken from his nap, and he and Christian are romping nearby. I lie quietly, still marveling at Christian’s capacity for play. His patience with Teddy is extraordinary—much more so than with me. I snort. But then, that’s how it should be. And my beautiful little boy, the apple of his mother and father’s eyes, knows no fear. Christian, on the other hand, is still too overprotective—of both of us. My sweet, mercurial, controlling Fifty. “Let’s find Mommy. She’s here in the meadow somewhere.” Ted says something I don’t hear, and Christian laughs freely, happily. It’s a magical sound, filled with his paternal joy. I can’t resist. I struggle up onto my elbows to spy on them from my hiding place in the long grass. Christian is swinging Ted around and around, making him squeal once more in delight. He stops, launches him high into the air—I stop breathing—then he catches him. Ted shrieks with childish abandon and I breathe a sigh of relief. Oh my little man, my darling little man, always on the go. “ ‘Gain, Daddy!” he squeals. Christian obliges, and my heart leaps into my mouth once more as he tosses Teddy into the air then catches him again, clutching him close. Christian kisses Ted’s coppercolored hair, and blows a kiss on his cheek, then tickles him mercilessly for a moment. Teddy howls with laughter, squirming and pushing against Christian’s chest, wanting out of his arms. Grinning, Christian sets him on the ground. “Let’s find Mommy. She’s hiding in the grass.” Ted beams, enjoying the game, and looks around the meadow. Grasping Christian’s hand, he points to somewhere I’m not, and it makes me giggle. I lie back down quickly, delighting in this game. “Ted, I heard Mommy. Did you hear her?” “Mommy!” I giggle-snort at Ted’s imperious tone. Jeez—so like his dad, and he’s only two. “Teddy!” I call back, gazing up the sky with a ridiculous grin on my face. “Mommy!” All too soon I hear their footsteps trampling through the meadow, and first Ted then Christian bursts through the long grass. “Mommy!” Ted screeches as if he’s found the lost treasure of the Sierra Madre, and he leaps onto me. “Hey, baby boy!” I cradle him against me and kiss his chubby cheek. He giggles and kisses me in return, then struggles out of my arms. “Hello, Mommy.” Christian smiles down at me. “Hello, Daddy.” I grin, and he picks Ted up, and sits down beside me with our son in his lap. “Gently with Mommy,” he admonishes Ted. I smirk—the irony is not lost on me. From his pocket, Christian produces his BlackBerry and gives it to Ted. This will probably win us five minutes of peace, maximum. Teddy studies it, his little brow furrowed. He looks so serious, blue eyes concentrating hard, just like his daddy does when he reads his e-mails. Christian nuzzles Ted’s hair, and my heart swells to look at them both. Two peas in a pod: my son sitting quietly—for a few moments at least—in my husband’s lap. My two favorite men in the whole world. Of course, Ted is the most beautiful and talented child on the planet, but then I am his mother so I would think that. And Christian is . . . well, Christian is just himself. In white T-shirt and jeans, he looks as hot as usual. What did I do to win such a prize?
“You look well, Mrs. Grey.” “As do you, Mr. Grey.” “Isn’t Mommy pretty?” Christian whispers in Ted’s ear. Ted swats him away, more interested in Daddy’s BlackBerry. I giggle. “You can’t get around him.” “I know.” Christian grins and kisses Ted’s hair. “I can’t believe he’ll be two tomorrow.” His tone is wistful. Reaching across, he spreads his hand over my bump. “Let’s have lots of children,” he says. “One more at least.” I grin, and he caresses my belly. “How is my daughter?” “She’s good. Asleep, I think.” “Hello, Mr. Grey. Hi, Ana.” We both turn to see Sophie, Taylor’s ten-year-old daughter, appear out of the long grass. “Soeee,” Ted squeals with delighted recognition. He struggles out of Christian’s lap, discarding the BlackBerry. “I have some popsicles from Gail,” Sophie says. “Can I give one to Ted?” “Sure,” I say. Oh dear, this is going to be messy. “Pop!” Ted holds out his hands and Sophie passes one to him. It’s dripping already. “Here—let Mommy see.” I sit up, take the popsicle from Ted, and quickly slip it into my mouth, licking off the excess juice. Hmm . . . cranberry, cool and delicious. “Mine!” Ted protests, his voice ringing with indignation. “Here you go.” I hand him back a slightly less runny popsicle, and it goes straight into his mouth. He grins. “Can Ted and I go for a walk?” Sophie asks. “Sure.” “Don’t go too far.” “No, Mr. Grey.” Sophie’s hazel eyes are wide and serious. I think she’s a little frightened of Christian. She holds her hand out, and Teddy takes it willingly. They trudge away together through the long grass. Christian watches them. “They’ll be fine, Christian. What harm could come to them here?” He frowns at me momentarily, and I crawl over and into his lap. “Besides, Ted is completely smitten with Sophie.” Christian snorts and nuzzles my hair. “She’s a delightful child.” “She is. So pretty, too. A blonde angel.” Christian stills and places his hands on my belly. “Girls, eh?” There’s a hint of trepidation in his voice. I curl my hand behind his head. “You don’t have to worry about your daughter for at least another three months. I have her covered here. Okay?” He kisses me behind my ear and scrapes his teeth around the edge to the lobe. “Whatever you say, Mrs. Grey.” Then he bites me. I yelp. “I enjoyed last night,” he says. “We should do that more often.” “Me, too.” “And we could, if you stopped working . . .” I roll my eyes and he tightens his arms around me and grins into my neck. “Are you rolling your eyes at me Mrs. Grey?” His threat is implicit but sensual, making me squirm,
but as we’re in the middle of the meadow with the kids nearby, I ignore his invitation. “Grey Publishing has an author on the New York Times Best Sellers—Boyce Fox’s sales are phenomenal, the e-book side of our business has exploded, and I finally have the team I want around me.” “And you’re making money in these difficult times,” Christian adds, his voice reflecting his pride. “But . . . I like you barefoot and pregnant and in my kitchen.” I lean back so I can see his face. He gazes down at me, eyes bright. “I like that, too,” I murmur, and he kisses me, his hands still spread across my bump. Seeing he’s in a good mood, I decide to broach a delicate subject. “Have you thought any more about my suggestion?” He stills. “Ana, the answer is no.” “But Ella is such a lovely name.” “I am not naming my daughter after my mother. No. End of discussion.” “Are you sure?” “Yes.” Grasping my chin, he gazes earnestly down at me, radiating exasperation. “Ana, give it up. I don’t want my daughter tainted by my past.” “Okay. I’m sorry.” Shit . . . I don’t want to anger him. “That’s better. Stop trying to fix it,” he mutters. “You got me to admit I loved her, you dragged me to her grave. Enough.” Oh no. I twist in his lap to straddle him and grasp his head in my hands. “I’m sorry. Really. Don’t be angry with me, please.” I kiss him, then kiss the corner of his mouth. After a beat, he points to the other corner, and I smile and kiss it. He points to his nose. I kiss that. He grins and places his hands on my backside. “Oh, Mrs. Grey—what am I going to do with you?” “I’m sure you’ll think of something,” I murmur. He grins and, twisting suddenly, he pushes me down onto the blanket. “How about I do it now?” he whispers with a salacious smile. “Christian!” I gasp. Suddenly there’s a high-pitched cry from Ted. Christian leaps to his feet with a panther’s easy grace and races toward the source of the sound. I follow at a more leisurely pace. Secretly, I’m not as concerned as Christian—it was not a cry that would make me take the stairs two at a time to find out what’s wrong. Christian swings Teddy up into his arms. Our little boy is crying inconsolably and pointing to the ground, where the remains of his popsicle lie in a soggy mess, melting into the grass. “He dropped it,” Sophie says, sadly. “He could have had mine, but I’ve finished it.” “Oh, Sophie darling, don’t worry.” I stroke her hair. “Mommy!” Ted wails, holding his hands out to me. Christian reluctantly lets him go as I reach for him. “There, there.” “Pop,” he sobs. “I know, baby boy. We’ll go see Mrs. Taylor and get another one.” I kiss his head . . . oh, he smells so good. He smells of my baby boy. “Pop,” he sniffs. I take his hand and kiss his sticky fingers. “I can taste your popsicle here on your fingers.” Ted stops crying and examines his hand.
“Put your fingers in your mouth.” He does. “Pop!” “Yes. Popsicle.” He grins. My mercurial little boy, just like his dad. Well, at least he has an excuse—he’s only two. “Shall we go see Mrs. Taylor?” He nods, smiling his beautiful baby smile. “Will you let Daddy carry you?” He shakes his head and wraps his arms around my neck, hugging me tightly, his face pressed against my throat. “I think Daddy wants to taste popsicle, too,” I whisper in Ted’s little ear. Ted frowns at me, then looks at his hand and holds it out to Christian. Christian smiles and puts Ted’s fingers in his mouth. “Hmm . . . tasty.” Ted giggles and reaches up, wanting Christian to hold him. Christian grins at me and takes Ted in his arms, settling him on his hip. “Sophie, where’s Gail?” “She was in the big house.” I glance at Christian. His smile has turned bittersweet, and I wonder what he’s thinking. “You’re so good with him,” he murmurs. “This little one?” I ruffle Ted’s hair. “It’s only because I have the measure of you Grey men.” I smirk at my husband. He laughs. “Yes, you do, Mrs. Grey.” Teddy squirms out of Christian’s hold. Now he wants to walk, my stubborn little man. I take one of his hands, and his dad takes the other, and together we swing Teddy between us all the way back to the house, Sophie skipping along in front of us. I wave to Taylor who, on a rare day-off, is outside the garage, dressed in jeans and a wife-beater, as he tinkers with an old motorbike. I pause outside the door to Ted’s room and listen as Christian reads to Ted. “I am the Lorax! I speak for the trees . . .”1 When I peek in, Teddy is fast asleep while Christian continues to read. He glances up when I open the door and closes the book. He puts his finger to his lips and switches on the baby monitor beside Ted’s crib. He adjusts Ted’s bedclothes, strokes his cheek, then straightens up, and tiptoes over to me without making a sound. It’s hard not to giggle at him. Out in the hallway, Christian pulls me into his embrace. “God, I love him, but it’s great when he’s asleep,” he murmurs against my lips. “I couldn’t agree with you more.” He gazes down at me, eyes soft. “I can hardly believe he’s been with us for two years.” “I know.” I kiss him, and for a moment, I’m transported back to Teddy’s birth: the emergency caesarian, Christian’s crippling anxiety, Dr. Greene’s no-nonsense calm when my Little Blip was in distress. I shudder inwardly at the memory.
“Mrs. Grey, you’ve been in labor for fifteen hours now. Your contractions have slowed in spite of the Pitocin. We need to do a C-section—the baby is in distress.” Dr. Greene is adamant. “About fucking time!” Christian growls at her. Dr. Greene ignores him. “Christian, quiet.” I squeeze his hand. My voice is low and weak and everything is fuzzy—the walls, the machines, the green-gowned people . . . I just want to go to sleep. But I have something important to do first . . . Oh yes. “I wanted to push him out myself.” “Mrs. Grey, please. C-section.” “Please, Ana,” Christian pleads. “Can I sleep then?” “Yes, baby, yes.” It’s almost a sob, and Christian kisses my forehead. “I want to see the Lil’ Blip.” “You will.” “Okay,” I whisper. “Finally,” Dr. Greene mutters. “Nurse, page the anesthesiologist. Dr. Miller, prep for a C-section. Mrs. Grey, we are going to move you to the OR.” “Move?” Christian and I speak at once. “Yes. Now.” And suddenly we’re moving—quickly, the lights on the ceiling blurring into one long bright strip as I’m whisked across the corridor. “Mr. Grey, you’ll need to change into scrubs.” “What?” “Now, Mr. Grey.” He squeezes my hand and releases me. “Christian,” I call, panic setting in. We are through another set of doors, and in no time a nurse is setting up a screen across my chest. The door opens and closes, and there’s so many people in the room. It’s so loud . . . I want to go home. “Christian?” I search the faces in the room for my husband. “He’ll be with you in a moment, Mrs. Grey.” A moment later, he’s beside me, in blue scrubs, and I reach for his hand. “I’m frightened,” I whisper. “No, baby, no. I’m here. Don’t be frightened. Not my strong Ana.” He kisses my forehead, and I can tell by the tone of his voice that something’s wrong. “What is it?” “What?” “What’s wrong?” “Nothing’s wrong. Everything’s fine. Baby, you’re just exhausted.” His eyes burn with fear. “Mrs. Grey, the anesthesiologist is here. He’s going to adjust your epidural, and then we can proceed.” “She’s having another contraction.” Everything tightens like a steel band around my belly. Shit! I crush Christian’s hand as I ride it out. This is what’s tiring—enduring this pain. I am so tired. I can feel the numbing liquid spread . . . spread down. I concentrate on Christian’s face. On the furrow between his brows. He’s tense. He’s worried. Why is he worried? “Can you feel this, Mrs. Grey?” Dr. Greene’s disembodied voice is coming from behind the
curtain. “Feel what?” “You can’t feel it.” “No.” “Good. Dr. Miller, let’s go.” “You’re doing well, Ana.” Christian is pale. There is sweat on his brow. He’s scared. Don’t be scared, Christian. Don’t be scared. “I love you,” I whisper. “Oh, Ana,” he sobs. “I love you, too, so much.” I feel a strange pulling deep inside. Like nothing I’ve felt before. Christian looks over the screen and blanches, but stares, fascinated. “What’s happening?” “Suction! Good . . .” Suddenly, there’s a piercing angry cry. “You have a boy, Mrs. Grey. Check his Apgar.” “Apgar is nine.” “Can I see him?” I gasp. Christian disappears from view for a second and reappears a moment later, holding my son, swathed in blue. His face is pink, and covered in white mush and blood. My baby. My Blip . . . Theodore Raymond Grey. When I glance at Christian, he has tears in his eyes. “Here’s your son, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers, his voice strained and hoarse. “Our son,” I breathe. “He’s beautiful.” “He is,” Christian says and plants a kiss on our beautiful boy’s forehead beneath a shock of dark hair. Theodore Raymond Grey is oblivious. Eyes closed, his earlier crying forgotten, he’s asleep. He is the most beautiful sight I have ever seen. So beautiful, I begin to weep. “Thank you, Ana,” Christian whispers, and there are tears in his eyes too. “What is it?” Christian tilts my chin back. “I was just remembering Ted’s birth.” Christian blanches and cups my belly. “I am not going through that again. Elective caesarian this time.” “Christian, I—” “No, Ana. You nearly fucking died last time. No.” “I did not nearly die.” “No.” He’s emphatic and not to be argued with, but as he gazes down at me, his eyes soften. “I like the name Phoebe,” he whispers, and runs his nose down mine. “Phoebe Grey? Phoebe . . . Yes. I like that, too.” I grin up at him. “Good. I want to set up Ted’s present.” He takes my hand, and we head downstairs. His excitement radiates off him; Christian has been waiting for this moment all day.
“Do you think he’ll like it?” His apprehensive gaze meets mine. “He’ll love it. For about two minutes. Christian, he’s only two.” Christian has finished setting up the wooden train set he bought Teddy for his birthday. He’s had Barney at the office convert two of the little engines to run on solar power like the helicopter I gave Christian a few years ago. Christian seems anxious for the sun to rise. I suspect that’s because he wants to play with the train set himself. The layout covers most of the stone floor of our outdoor room. Tomorrow we will have a family party for Ted. Ray and José will be coming and all the Grey’s, including Ted’s new cousin Ava, Kate and Elliot’s two-month-old daughter. I look forward to catching up with Kate and seeing how motherhood is agreeing with her. I gaze up at the view as the sun sinks behind the Olympic Peninsula. It’s everything Christian promised it would be, and I get the same joyful thrill seeing it now as I did the first time. It’s simply stunning: twilight over the Sound. Christian pulls me into his arms. “It’s quite a view.” “It is,” Christian answers, and when I turn to look at him, he’s gazing at me. He plants a soft kiss on my lips. “It’s a beautiful view,” he murmurs. “My favorite.” “It’s home.” He grins and kisses me again. “I love you, Mrs. Grey.” “I love you, too, Christian. Always.” The End 1 Dr. Seuss. The Lorax. New York: Random House, 1971.
I am aware that today you cannot walk into an American bank and withdraw five million dollars. The conversation Ana did not hear went like this: “Troy Whelan.” “It’s Christian Grey. I’ve spoken to my wife. Give her the money. Whatever she wants.” “Mr. Grey, I can’t . . .” “Liquidate five million of my assets. Off the top of my head: Georges, PKC, Atlantis Corps, Ferris and Umatic. A million from each.” “Mr. Grey, this is highly irregular. I’ll have to consult with Mr. Forlines.” “I’m playing golf with him next week,” I hiss. “Just fucking do it, Whelan. Find a way, or I’ll close all the accounts and move GEH’s business elsewhere. Understand?” He’s silent on the end of the phone. “We’ll sort the fucking paperwork out later,” I add, more conciliatory. “Yes, Mr. Grey.”
My sweater is scratchy and smells of new. Everything is new. I have a new mommy. She is a doctor. She has a tetscope that I can stick in my ears and hear my heart. She is kind and smiles. She smiles all the time. Her teeth are small and white. “Do you want to help me decorate the tree, Christian?” There is a big tree in the room with the big couches. A big tree. I have seen these before. But in stores. Not inside where the couches are. My new house has lots of couches. Not one couch. Not one brown sticky couch. “Here, look.” My new mommy shows me a box, and it’s full of balls. Lots of pretty shiny balls. “These are ornaments for the tree.” Orn-a-ments. Orn-a-ments. My head says the word. Orn-a-ments. “And these—” she stops and pulls out a string with little flowers on them. “These are the lights. Lights first, and then we can trim the tree.” She reaches down and puts her fingers in my hair. I go very still. But I like her fingers in my hair. I like to be near New Mommy. She smells good. Clean. And she only touches my hair. “Mom!” He’s calling. Lelliot. He’s big and loud. Very loud. He talks. All the time. I don’t talk at all. I have no words. I have words in my head. “Elliot, darling, we’re in the sitting room.” He runs in. He has been to school. He has a picture. A picture he has drawn for my new mommy. She is Lelliot’s mommy, too. She kneels down and hugs him and looks at the picture. It is a house with a mommy and a daddy and a Lelliot and a Christian. Christian is very small in Lelliot’s picture. Lelliot is big. He has a big smile and Christian has a sad face. Daddy is here, too. He walks toward Mommy. I hold my blankie tight. He kisses New Mommy and New Mommy isn’t frightened. She smiles. She kisses him back. I squeeze my blankie. “Hello, Christian.” Daddy has a deep soft voice. I like his voice. He is never loud. He does not shout. He does not shout like . . . He reads books to me when I go to bed. He reads about a cat and a hat and green eggs and ham. I have never seen green eggs. Daddy bends down so he is small. “What did you do today?” I show him the tree.
“You bought a tree? A Christmas tree?” I say yes with my head. “It’s a beautiful tree. You and Mommy chose very well. It’s an important job choosing the right tree.” He pats my hair, too, and I go very still and hold my blankie tightly. Daddy doesn’t hurt me. “Daddy, look at my picture.” Lelliot is mad when Daddy talks to me. Lelliot is mad at me. I smack Lelliot when he is mad at me. New Mommy is mad at me if I do. Lelliot does not smack me. Lelliot is scared of me. The lights on the tree are pretty. “Here, let me show you. The hook goes through the little eye, and then you can hang it on the tree.” Mommy puts the red orn-a . . . orn-a-ment on the tree. “You try with this little bell.” The little bell rings. I shake it. The sound is a happy sound. I shake it again. Mommy smiles. A big smile. A special smile for me. “You like the bell, Christian?” I say yes with my head and shake the bell once more, and it tinkles happily. “You have a lovely smile, darling boy.” Mommy blinks and wipes her hand on her eyes. She strokes my hair. “I love to see your smile.” Her hand moves to my shoulder. No. I step back and squeeze my blankie. Mommy looks sad and then happy. She strokes my hair. “Shall we put the bell on the tree?” My head says yes. “Christian, you must tell me when you’re hungry. You can do that. You can take Mommy’s hand and lead Mommy to the kitchen and point.” She points her long finger at me. Her nail is shiny and pink. It is pretty. But I don’t know if my new mommy is mad or not. I have finished all my dinner. Macaroni and cheese. It tastes good. “I don’t want you to be hungry, darling. Okay? Now would you like some ice cream?” My head says yes! Mommy smiles at me. I like her smiles. They are better than macaroni and cheese. The tree is pretty. I stand and look at it and hug my blankie. The lights twinkle and are all different colors, and the orn-a-ments are all different colors. I like the blue ones. And on the top of the tree is a big star. Daddy held Lelliot up, and Lelliot put the star on the tree. Lelliot likes putting the star on the tree. I want to put the star on the tree . . . but I don’t want Daddy to hold me up high. I don’t want him to hold me. The star is sparkly and bright. Beside the tree is the piano. My new mommy lets me touch the black and the white on the piano. Black and white. I like the white sounds. The black sound is wrong. But I like the black sound, too. I go white to black. White to black. Black to white. White, white, white, white. Black, black, black, black. I like the sound. I like the sound a lot. “Do you want me to play for you, Christian?” My new mommy sits down. She touches the white and the black, and the songs come. She presses the pedals underneath. Sometimes it’s loud and sometimes it’s quiet. The song is happy. Lelliot likes Mommy to sing, too. Mommy sings about an ugly duckling. Mommy makes a funny quacking noise. Lelliot makes the funny quacking noise, and he makes his arms like wings and flaps them up and down
like a bird. Lelliot is funny. Mommy laughs. Lelliot laughs. I laugh. “You like this song, Christian?” And Mommy has her sad-happy face. I have a stock-ing. It is red and it has a picture of a man with a red hat and a big white beard. He is Santa. Santa brings presents. I have seen pictures of Santa. But Santa never brought me presents before. I was bad. Santa doesn’t bring presents to boys who are bad. Now I am good. My new mommy says I am good, very good. New Mommy doesn’t know. I must never tell New Mommy . . . but I am bad. I don’t want New Mommy to know that. Daddy hangs the stock-ing over the fireplace. Lelliot has a stocking, too. Lelliot can read the word on his stock-ing. It says Lelliot. There is a word on my stock-ing. Christian. New Mommy spells it out. C-H-R-I-S-T-I-A-N. Daddy sits on my bed. He reads to me. I hold my blankie. I have a big room. Sometimes the room is dark and I have bad dreams. Bad dreams about before. My new mommy comes to bed with me when I have the bad dreams. She lies down and she sings soft songs and I go to sleep. She smells of soft and new and lovely. My new mommy is not cold. Not like . . . not like . . . And my bad dreams go when she is there asleep with me. Santa has been here. Santa does not know I have been bad. I am glad Santa does not know. I have a train and a plane and a helicopter and a car and a helicopter. My helicopter can fly. My helicopter is blue. It flies around the Christmas tree. It flies over the piano and lands in the middle of the white. It flies over Mommy and flies over Daddy and flies over Lelliot as he plays with the Lego. The helicopter flies through the house, through the dining room, through the kitchen. He flies past the door to Daddy’s study and upstairs in my bedroom, in Lelliot’s bedroom, Mommy and Daddy’s bedroom. He flies through the house, because it’s my house. My house where I live.
Monday, May 9, 2011 “Tomorrow,” I mutter, dismissing Claude Bastille as he stands on the threshold of my office. “Golf, this week, Grey.” Bastille grins with easy arrogance, knowing that his victory on the golf course is assured. I scowl after him as he turns and leaves. His parting words rub salt into my wounds because despite my heroic attempts in the gym this morning, my personal trainer has kicked my ass. Bastille is the only one who can beat me, and now he wants another pound of flesh on the golf course. I detest golf, but so much business is done on the fairways I have to endure his lessons there too . . . and though I hate to admit it, Bastille does go some way to improving my game. As I stare out at the Seattle skyline, the familiar ennui seeps into my consciousness. My mood is as flat and gray as the weather. My days are blending together with no distinction, and I need some kind of diversion. I’ve worked all weekend and now, in the continued confines of my office, I’m restless. I shouldn’t feel this way, not after several bouts with Bastille. But I do. I frown. The sobering truth is that the only thing to capture my interest recently has been my decision to send two freighters of cargo to Sudan. This reminds me—Ros is supposed to come back to me with numbers and logistics. What the hell is keeping her? Intent on finding out what she’s playing at, I glance at my schedule and reach for the phone. Oh, Christ! I have to endure an interview with the persistent Miss Kavanagh for the WSU student magazine. Why the fuck did I agree to this? I loathe interviews—inane questions from inane, illinformed, vacuous idiots. The phone buzzes. “Yes,” I snap at Andrea as if she’s to blame. At least I can keep this interview short. “Miss Anastasia Steele is here to see you, Mr. Grey.” “Steele? I was expecting Katherine Kavanagh.” “It’s Miss Anastasia Steele who’s here, sir.” I scowl. I hate the unexpected. “Show her in,” I mutter, aware that I sound like a sulky teen but not giving a fuck. Well, well . . . Miss Kavanagh is unavailable. I know her father, the owner of Kavanagh Media. We’ve done business together, and he seems like a shrewd operator and a rational human being. This interview is a favor to him—one that I mean to cash in later when it suits me. And I have to admit I
was vaguely curious about his daughter, interested to see if the apple had fallen far from the tree. A commotion at the door brings me to my feet as a whirl of long chestnut hair, pale limbs, and brown boots dives head first into my office. I roll my eyes and repress my natural annoyance at such clumsiness as I hurry over to the girl who has landed on her hands and knees on the floor. Clasping her slim shoulders, I help her to her feet. Clear, bright-blue, embarrassed eyes meet mine and halt me in my tracks. They are the most extraordinary color—guileless, powder-blue—and for one awful moment, I think she can see right through me. I feel . . . exposed. The thought is unnerving. She has a small, sweet face that is blushing now, an innocent pale rose. I wonder briefly if all her skin is like that—flawless—and what it would look like pink and warmed from the bite of a cane. Fuck. I stop my wayward thoughts, alarmed at their direction. What the fuck are you thinking, Grey. This girl is much too young. She gapes at me, and I almost roll my eyes again. Yeah, yeah, baby, it’s just a face, and the beauty is only skin-deep. I want to dispel that unguarded, admiring look from those big blue eyes. Showtime, Grey. Let’s have some fun. “Miss Kavanagh? I’m Christian Grey. Are you all right? Would you like to sit?” There’s that blush again. In command once more, I study her. She’s quite attractive, in a gauche way—slight, pale, with a mane of mahogany hair barely contained by a hair tie. A brunette. Yeah, she’s attractive. I extend my hand, and she stutters the beginning of a mortified apology and places her small hand in mine. Her skin is cool and soft, but her handshake surprisingly firm. “Miss Kavanagh is indisposed, so she sent me. I hope you don’t mind, Mr. Grey.” Her voice is quiet with a hesitant musicality, and she blinks erratically, long lashes fluttering over those big blue eyes. Unable to keep the amusement from my voice as I recall her less-than-elegant entrance into my office, I ask who she is. “Anastasia Steele. I’m studying English Literature with Kate, um . . . Katherine . . . um . . . Miss Kavanagh at Washington State.” A nervous, bashful, bookish type, eh? She looks it; hideously dressed, hiding her slight frame beneath a shapeless sweater and an A-line brown skirt. Christ, does she have no dress sense at all? She looks nervously around my office—everywhere but at me, I note with amused irony. How can this young woman be a journalist? She doesn’t have an assertive bone in her body. She’s all charmingly flustered, meek, mild . . . submissive. I shake my head, bemused at where my inappropriate thoughts are going. Muttering some platitude, I ask her to sit, then notice her discerning gaze appraising my office paintings. Before I can stop myself, I find I’m explaining them. “A local artist. Trouton.” “They’re lovely. Raising the ordinary to extraordinary,” she says dreamily, lost in the exquisite, fine artistry of my paintings. Her profile is delicate—an upturned nose, soft, full lips—and in her words she has mirrored my sentiments exactly. “The ordinary raised to extraordinary.” It’s a keen observation. Miss Steele is bright. I mutter my agreement and watch that flush creep slowly over her skin once more. As I sit down opposite her, I try to bridle my thoughts. She fishes a crumpled sheet of paper and a mini-disc recorder out of her overly large bag. Minidisc recorder? Didn’t those go out with VHS tapes? Christ—she’s all thumbs, dropping the damned thing twice on my Bauhaus coffee table. She’s obviously never done this before, but for some reason I can’t fathom, I find it amusing. Normally this kind of fumbling maladroitness irritates the fuck out of me, but now I hide my smile beneath my index finger and resist the urge to set it up for her myself.
As she grows more and more flustered, it occurs to me that I could refine her motor skills with the aid of a riding crop. Adeptly used it can bring even the most skittish to heel. The errant thought makes me shift in my chair. She peeks up at me and bites down on her full bottom lip. Fuck me! How did I not notice that mouth before? “Sorry, I’m not used to this.” I can tell, baby—my thought is ironic—but right now I don’t give a fuck, because I can’t take my eyes off your mouth. “Take all the time you need, Miss Steele.” I need yet another moment to marshal my wayward thoughts. Grey . . . stop this, now. “Do you mind if I record your answers?” she asks, her face candid and expectant. I want to laugh. Oh, thank Christ. “After you’ve taken so much trouble to set up the recorder, you ask me now?” She blinks, her eyes large and lost for a moment, and I feel an unfamiliar twinge of guilt. Stop being such a shit, Grey. “No, I don’t mind,” I mutter, not wanting to be responsible for that look. “Did Kate—I mean Miss Kavanagh—explain what the interview was for?” “Yes, to appear in the graduation issue of the student newspaper as I shall be conferring the degrees at this year’s graduation ceremony.” Why the fuck I’ve agreed to do that, I don’t know. Sam in PR tells me it’s an honor, and the environmental science department in Vancouver needs the publicity in order to attract additional funding to match the grant I’ve given them. Miss Steele blinks, all big blue eyes once more, as if my words are a surprise and fuck—she looks disapproving! Hasn’t she done any background work for this interview? She should know this. The thought cools my blood. It’s . . . displeasing, not what I expect from her or anyone I give my time to. “Good. I have some questions, Mr. Grey.” She tucks a lock of hair behind her ear, distracting me from my annoyance. “I thought you might,” I mutter dryly. Let’s make her squirm. Obligingly she squirms, then pulls herself together, sitting up straight and squaring her small shoulders. Leaning forward she presses the start button on the mini-disc, and frowns as she glances down at her crumpled notes. “You’re very young to have amassed such an empire. To what do you owe your success?” Oh Christ! Surely she can do better than this? What a fucking dull question. Not one iota of originality. It’s disappointing. I trot out my usual response about having exceptional people in the U.S. working for me. People I trust, insofar as I trust anyone, and pay well—blah, blah, blah . . . But Miss Steele, the simple fact is, I’m a fucking genius at what I do. For me it’s like falling off a log. Buying ailing, mismanaged companies and fixing them, or if they’re really broken, stripping their assets and selling them off to the highest bidder. It’s simply a question of knowing the difference between the two, and invariably it comes down to the people in charge. To succeed in business you need good people, and I can judge a person, better than most. “Maybe you’re just lucky,” she says quietly. Lucky? A frisson of annoyance runs through me. Lucky? No fucking luck involved here, Miss Steele. She looks unassuming and quiet, but this question? No one has ever asked me if I was lucky. Hard work, bringing people with me, keeping a close watch on them, second-guessing them if I need to; and if they aren’t up to the task, ruthlessly ditching them. That’s what I do, and I do it well. It’s nothing to do with luck! Well, fuck that. Flaunting my erudition, I quote the words of my favorite American industrialist to her. “You sound like a control freak,” she says, and she’s perfectly serious. What the fuck?
Maybe those guileless eyes can see though me. Control is my middle name. I glare at her. “Oh, I exercise control in all things, Miss Steele.” And I’d like to exercise it over you, right here, right now. Her eyes widen. That attractive blush steals across her face once more, and she bites that lip again. I ramble on, trying to distract myself from her mouth. “Besides, immense power is acquired by assuring yourself, in your secret reveries, that you were born to control things.” “Do you feel that you have immense power?” she asks in a soft soothing voice, but she arches her delicate brow, revealing the censure in her eyes. My annoyance grows. Is she deliberately trying to goad me? Is it her questions, her attitude, or the fact that I find her attractive that’s pissing me off? “I employ over forty thousand people, Miss Steele. That gives me a certain sense of responsibility —power, if you will. If I were to decide I was no longer interested in the telecommunications business and sell up, twenty thousand people would struggle to make their mortgage payments after a month or so.” Her mouth pops open at my response. That’s more like it. Suck it up, Miss Steele. I feel my equilibrium returning. “Don’t you have a board to answer to?” “I own my company. I don’t answer to a board,” I respond sharply. She should know this. I raise a questioning brow. “And do you have any interests outside of your work?” she continues hastily, correctly gauging my reaction. She knows I’m pissed, and for some inexplicable reason this pleases me enormously. “I have varied interests, Miss Steele. Very varied.” I smile . Images of her in assorted positions in my playroom flash through my mind: shackled on the cross, spread-eagle on the four-poster, splayed over the whipping bench. Fucking hell! Where is this coming from? And behold—there’s that blush again. It’s like a defense mechanism. Calm down, Grey. “But if you work so hard, what do you do to chill out?” “Chill out?” I grin, those words out of her smart mouth sound odd. Besides when do I get time to chill out? Has she no idea of the number of companies I control? But she looks at me with those ingenuous blue eyes, and to my surprise I find myself considering her question. What do I do to chill out? Sailing, flying, fucking . . . testing the limits of little brown-haired girls like her, and bringing them to heel . . . The thought makes me shift in my seat, but I answer her smoothly, omitting my two favorite hobbies. “You invest in manufacturing. Why, specifically?” Her question drags me rudely back to the present. “I like to build things. I like to know how things work, what makes things tick, how to construct and deconstruct. And I have a love of ships. What can I say?” They distribute food around the planet— taking goods from the haves to the have-nots and back again. What’s not to like? “That sounds like your heart talking, rather than logic and facts.” Heart? Me? Oh no, baby. My heart was savaged beyond recognition a long time ago. “Possibly, though there are people who’d say I don’t have a heart.” “Why would they say that?” “Because they know me well.” I give her a wry smile. In fact no one knows me that well, except maybe Elena. I wonder what she would make of little Miss Steele here. The girl is a mass of contradictions: shy, uneasy, obviously bright, and arousing as hell. Yes, okay, I admit it. She’s an alluring little piece.
She recites the next question by rote. “Would your friends say you’re easy to get to know?” “I’m a very private person, Miss Steele. I go a long way to protect my privacy. I don’t often give interviews.” Doing what I do, living the life I’ve chosen, I need my privacy. “Why did you agree to do this one?” “Because I’m a benefactor of the university, and for all intents and purposes, I couldn’t get Miss Kavanagh off my back. She badgered and badgered my PR people, and I admire that kind of tenacity.” But I’m glad it’s you who turned up and not her. “You also invest in farming technologies. Why are you interested in this area?” “We can’t eat money, Miss Steele, and there are too many people on this planet who don’t have enough to eat.” I stare at her, poker-faced. “That sounds very philanthropic. Is that something you feel passionately about? Feeding the world’s poor?” She regards me with a quizzical expression as if I’m some kind of conundrum for her to solve, but there is no way I want those big blue eyes seeing into my dark soul. This is not an area open to discussion. Ever. “It’s shrewd business.” I shrug, feigning boredom, and I imagine fucking her smart mouth to distract myself from all thoughts of hunger. Yes, that mouth needs training. Now that thought is appealing, and I let myself imagine her on her knees before me. “Do you have a philosophy? If so, what is it?” she recites by rote again. “I don’t have a philosophy as such. Maybe a guiding principle, Carnegie’s ‘A man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled.’ I’m very singular, driven. I like control . . . of myself and those around me.” “So you want to possess things?” Her eyes widen. Yes, baby. You, for one. “I want to deserve to possess them, but yes, bottom line, I do.” “You sound like the ultimate consumer.” Her voice is tinged with disapproval, pissing me off again. She sounds like a rich kid who’s had all she ever wanted, but as I take a closer look at her clothes—she’s dressed in Walmart, or Old Navy possibly—I know that isn’t it. She hasn’t grown up in an affluent household. I could really take care of you. Shit, where the fuck did that come from? Although, now that I consider it, I do need a new sub. It’s been, what—two months since Susannah? And here I am, salivating over this brown-haired girl. I try a smile and agree with her. Nothing wrong with consumption—after all, it drives what’s left of the American economy. “You were adopted. How far do you think that’s shaped the way you are?” What the fuck does this have to do with the price of oil? I scowl at her. What a ridiculous question. If I’d stayed with the crack whore, I’d probably be dead. I blow her off with a non-answer, trying to keep my voice level, but she pushes me, demanding to know my how old I was when I was adopted. Shut her down, Grey! “That’s a matter of public record, Miss Steele.” My voice is arctic. She should know this shit. Now she looks contrite. Good. “You’ve had to sacrifice a family life for your work.” “That’s not a question,” I snap. She blushes again and bites down on that damned lip. But she has the grace to apologize. “Have you had to sacrifice a family life for your work?”
What do I want with a fucking family? “I have a family. I have a brother and a sister and two loving parents. I’m not interested in extending my family beyond that.” “Are you gay, Mr. Grey?” What the fuck! I cannot believe she’s said that out loud! The unspoken question that my own family dares not ask, much to my amusement. How dare she! I have to fight down the urge to drag her out of her seat, bend her across my knee, and spank the living shit out of her, then fuck her over my desk with her hands tied tightly behind her back. That would answer her question. How frustrating is this female? I take a deep calming breath. To my vindictive delight, she appears to be acutely embarrassed by her own question. “No, Anastasia, I’m not.” I raise my eyebrows, but keep my expression impassive. Anastasia. It is a lovely name. I like the way my tongue rolls around it. “I apologize. It’s um . . . written here.” Nervously, she tucks her hair behind her ear. She doesn’t know her own questions? Perhaps they’re not hers. I ask her, and she pales. Fuck, she really is very attractive, in an understated sort of way. I would even go so far as to say she is beautiful. “Er . . . no. Kate—Miss Kavanagh—she compiled the questions.” “Are you colleagues on the student paper?” “No, she’s my roommate.” No wonder she is all over the place. I scratch my chin, debating whether to give her a really, really hard time. “Did you volunteer to do this interview?” I ask, and I’m rewarded with her submissive look: eyes large, nervous about my reaction. I like the effect I have on her. “I was drafted. She’s not well,” she says softly. “That explains a great deal.” There’s a knock at the door, and Andrea appears. “Mr. Grey, forgive me for interrupting, but your next meeting is in two minutes.” “We’re not finished here, Andrea. Please cancel my next meeting.” Andrea hesitates, gaping at me. I stare at her. Out! Now! I’m busy with Little Miss Steele here. Andrea blushes scarlet, but recovers quickly. “Very well, Mr. Grey,” she says, and turning on her heel, she leaves us. I turn my attention back to the intriguing, frustrating creature on my couch. “Where were we, Miss Steele?” “Please don’t let me keep you from anything.” Oh no, baby. It’s my turn now. I want to know if there are any secrets to uncover behind those beautiful eyes. “I want to know about you. I think that’s only fair.” As I lean back and press my fingers to my lips, her eyes flick to my mouth and she swallows. Oh, yes—the usual effect. And it is gratifying to know she isn’t completely oblivious to my charms. “There’s not much to know,” she says, her blush returning. I’m intimidating her. Good. “What are your plans after you graduate?” She shrugs. “I haven’t made any plans, Mr. Grey. I just need to get through my final exams.” “We run an excellent internship program here.” Fuck. What possessed me to say that? I’m breaking a golden rule—never, ever fuck the staff. But Grey, you’re not fucking this girl. She looks surprised, and her teeth sink into that lip again. Why is that so arousing?
“Oh. I’ll bear that in mind,” she mumbles. Then as an afterthought she says, “Though I’m not sure I’d fit in here.” Why the hell not? What’s wrong with my company? “Why do you say that?” I ask. “Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it?” “Not to me.” I’m confounded by her response. She’s flustered again as she reaches for the mini-disc recorder. Shit, she’s going . Mentally I run through my schedule for that afternoon—there is nothing that won’t keep. “Would you like me to show you around?” “I’m sure you’re far too busy, Mr. Grey, and I do have a long drive.”“You’re driving back to WSU in Vancouver?” I glance out the window. It’s one hell of a drive, and it’s raining. Shit. She shouldn’t be driving in this weather, but I can’t forbid her. The thought irritates me. “Well, you’d better drive carefully.” My voice is sterner than I intend. She fumbles with the mini-disc. She wants out of my office, and for some reason I can’t explain, I don’t want her to go. “Did you get everything you need?” I add in a transparent effort to prolong her stay. “Yes, sir,” she says quietly. Her response floors me—the way those words sound, coming out of that smart mouth—and briefly I imagine that mouth at my beck and call. “Thank you for the interview, Mr. Grey.” “The pleasure’s been all mine,” I respond–truthfully, because I haven’t been this fascinated by anyone in a long while. The thought is unsettling. She stands and I extend my hand, eager to touch her. “Until we meet again, Miss Steele.” My voice is low as she places her small hand in mine. Yes, I want to flog and fuck this girl in my playroom. Have her bound and wanting . . . needing me, trusting me. I swallow. It ain’t going to happen, Grey. “Mr. Grey.” She nods and withdraws her hand quickly . . . too quickly. Shit, I can’t let her go like this. It’s obvious she is desperate to leave. Irritation and inspiration hit me simultaneously as I see her out. “Just ensuring you make it through the door, Miss Steele.” She blushes on cue, her delicious shade of pink. “That’s very considerate, Mr. Grey,” she snaps. Miss Steele has teeth! I grin behind her as she exits, and I follow in her wake. Both Andrea and Olivia look up in shock. Yeah, yeah. I’m just seeing the girl out. “Did you have a coat?” I ask. “Yes.” I scowl at simpering Olivia, who immediately leaps up to retrieve a navy coat. Taking it, I glare at her to sit down. Christ, Olivia is annoying—mooning over me all the time. Hmm. The coat is from Walmart. Miss Anastasia Steele should be better dressed. I hold it up for her, and as I pull it over her slim shoulders, I touch the skin at the base of her neck. She stills at the contact and pales. Yes! She is affected by me. The knowledge is immensely pleasing. Strolling over to the elevator, I press the call button while she stands fidgeting beside me. Oh, I could so stop your fidgeting, baby. The doors open and she scurries in then turns to face me. “Anastasia,” I murmur, saying good-bye.
“Christian,” she whispers. And the elevator doors close, leaving my name hanging in the air, sounding odd, unfamiliar, but sexy as hell. Well, fuck me. What was that? I need to know more about this girl. “Andrea,” I snap as I stalk back into my office. “Get me Welch on the line, now.” As I sit at my desk and wait for the call, I look at the paintings on the wall of my office, and Miss Steele’s words drift back to me. “Raising the ordinary to extraordinary.” She could so easily have been describing herself. My phone buzzes. “I have Mr. Welch on the line for you.” “Put him through.” “Yes, sir.” “Welch, I need a background check.”
Saturday, May 14, 2011 I pore over the executive summary for the hundredth time since I received it two days ago, looking
for some insight into the enigmatic Miss Anastasia Rose Steele. I cannot get the damned woman out of my mind, and it’s seriously beginning to piss me off. This past week, during particularly dull meetings, I’ve found myself replaying the interview in my head. Her fumbling fingers on the recorder, the way she tucked her hair behind her ear, the lip biting. Yes. The fucking lip biting gets me every time. And now, here I am, parked outside Clayton’s, the modest hardware store on the outskirts of Portland where she works. You’re a fool, Grey. Why are you here? I knew it would lead to this. All week . . . I knew I’d have to see her again. I’d known it since she uttered my name in the elevator and disappeared into the depths of my building. I’d tried to resist. I’d waited five days, five fucking days to see if I’d forget about her. And I don’t do waiting. I hate waiting . . . for anything. I’ve never actively pursued a woman before. The women I’ve had understood what I expected of them. My fear now is that Miss Steele is just too young and that she won’t be interested in what I have to offer . . . will she? Will she even make a good submissive? I shake my head. There’s only one way to find out . . . so here I am, a fucking ass, sitting in a suburban parking lot in a dreary part of Portland. Her background check has produced nothing remarkable—except the last fact, which has been at the forefront of my mind. It’s the reason I’m here. Why no boyfriend, Miss Steele? Sexual orientation unknown—perhaps she’s gay. I snort, thinking that unlikely. I recall the question she asked during the interview, her acute embarrassment, the way her skin flushed a pale rose . . . Shit. I’ve been suffering from these ludicrous thoughts since I met her. That’s why you’re here. I’m itching to see her again—those blue eyes have haunted me, even in my dreams. I haven’t mentioned her to Flynn, and I’m glad because I’m now behaving like a stalker. Perhaps I should let him know. I roll my eyes—I don’t want him hounding me about his latest solution-based shit. I just need a distraction . . . and right now the only distraction I want is working as a salesclerk in a hardware store. You’ve come all this way. Let’s see if little Miss Steele is as appealing as you remember. Showtime, Grey. I climb out of the car and stroll across the lot to the front door. A bell chimes a flat electronic note as I walk in. The store is much bigger than it looks from the outside, and although it is almost lunchtime the place is quiet, for a Saturday. There are aisles and aisles of the usual crap you’d expect. I’d forgotten the possibilities that a hardware store could present to someone like me. I mainly shop online for my needs, but while I’m here, maybe I’ll stock up on a few items . . . Velcro, split rings—Yeah. I’ll find the delectable Miss Steele and have some fun. It takes me all of three seconds to spot her. She’s hunched over the counter, staring intently at a computer screen and picking at her lunch—a bagel. Unthinking, she wipes a crumb from the corner of her lips and into her mouth and sucks on her finger. My cock twitches in response. Fuck! What am I, fourteen? My reaction is fucking irritating. Maybe this adolescent response will stop if I fetter, fuck, and flog her . . . and not necessarily in that order. Yeah. That’s what I need. She is thoroughly absorbed in her task, and it gives me an opportunity to study her. Salacious thoughts aside, she is attractive, seriously attractive. I’ve remembered her well. She glances up and freezes, pinning me with intelligent, discerning eyes—the bluest of blue that seem to see right through me. It’s as unnerving as the first time I met her. She just stares, shocked I think, and I don’t know if this is a good response or a bad response.
“Miss Steele. What a pleasant surprise.” “Mr. Grey,” she whispers, breathy and flustered. Ah . . . a good response. “I was in the area. I need to stock up on a few things. It’s a pleasure to see you again, Miss Steele.” A real pleasure. She’s dressed in tight T-shirt and jeans, not the shapeless shit she was wearing earlier this week. She’s all long legs, small waist, and perfect tits. She continues to gape, and I have to resist the urge to reach out and tip her chin up to close her mouth. I’ve flown from Seattle just to see you, and the way you look right now, it was worth the journey. “Ana. My name’s Ana. What can I help you with, Mr. Grey?” She takes a deep breath, squares her shoulders like she did in the interview, and gives me a fake smile that I’m sure she reserves for customers. Game on, Miss Steele. “There are a few items I need. To start with, I’d like some cable ties.” Her lips part as she inhales sharply. You’d be amazed what I can do with a few cable ties, Miss Steele. “We stock various lengths. Shall I show you?” “Please. Lead the way, Miss Steele.” She steps out from behind the counter and gestures toward one of the aisles. She’s wearing chucks. Idly I wonder what she’d look like in skyscraper heels. Laboutins . . . nothing but Laboutins. “They’re in with the electrical goods, aisle eight.” Her voice wavers and she blushes . . . again. She is affected by me. Hope blooms in my chest. Not gay then. I smirk. “After you,” I murmur, holding my hand out for her to lead the way. Letting her walk ahead gives me the space and time to admire her fantastic ass. She really is the whole package: sweet, polite, and beautiful with all the physical attributes I value in a submissive. But the million-dollar question is, could she be a submissive? She probably knows nothing of the lifestyle—my lifestyle—but I very much want to introduce her to it. You are getting way ahead of yourself on this deal, Grey. “Are you in Portland on business?” she asks, interrupting my thoughts. Her voice is high, trying to feign disinterest. It makes me want to laugh, which is refreshing. Women rarely make me laugh. “I was visiting the WSU farming division based in Vancouver.” I lie. Actually I’m here to see you, Miss Steele. She flushes, and I feel like a shit. “I’m currently funding some research there in crop rotation and soil science.” That, at least, is true. “All part of your feed-the-world plan?” Her lips shift to a half-smile. “Something like that.” I mutter. Is she laughing at me? Oh I’d love to put a stop to that if she is. But how to start? Maybe with dinner, rather than the usual interview . . . now that would be novel; taking a prospect out to dinner. We arrive at the cable ties, which are arranged in an assortment of lengths and colors. Absentmindedly my fingers trace over the packets. I could just ask her out for dinner. Like on a date? Would she come? When I glance at her she’s examining her knotted fingers. She can’t look at me . . . this is promising. I select the longer ties. They are more flexible after all—they can accommodate two ankles and two wrists at once. “These will do,” I murmur, and she blushes, again. “Is there anything else?” she says quickly—either she’s being super attentive or she wants to get me out of the store, I don’t know which. “I’d like some masking tape.” “Are you redecorating?”
I suppress my snort. “No, not redecorating.” I haven’t held a paintbrush in a long time. The thought makes me smile, I have people to do all that shit. “This way,” she murmurs, looking chagrined. “Masking tape is in the decorating aisle.” Come on Grey. You don’t have long. Engage her in some conversation. “Have you worked here long?” Of course, I already know the answer. Unlike some people, I do my research. She blushes once more—Christ, this girl is shy. I don’t have a hope in hell. She turns quickly and walks down the aisle toward the section labeled DECORATING. I follow her eagerly. What am I, a fucking puppy? “Four years,” she mumbles as we reach the masking tape. She bends down and grasps two rolls, each a different width. “I’ll take that one,” I say. The wider tape is much more effective as a gag. As she passes it to me, the tips of our fingers touch, briefly. It resonates in my groin. Fuck! She pales. “Anything else?” Her voice is soft and husky. Christ, I’m having the same effect on her that she has on me. Maybe . . . “Some rope, I think.” “This way.” She quickly scoots up the aisle, giving me another chance to appreciate her fine ass. “What sort were you after? We have synthetic and natural filament rope . . . twine . . . cable cord . . .” Shit—stop. I groan inwardly, trying to chase away the image of her suspended from the ceiling in my playroom. “I’ll take five yards of the natural filament rope, please.” It’s coarser and chafes more if you struggle against it . . . my rope of choice. A tremor runs through her fingers, but she efficiently measures out five yards. Pulling a utility knife from her right pocket, she cuts the rope in one swift gesture, coils it neatly, and ties it off with a slipknot. Impressive. “Were you a Girl Scout?” “Organized group activities aren’t really my thing, Mr. Grey.” “What is your thing, Anastasia?” I catch her gaze, and her irises dilate as I stare. Yes! “Books,” she whispers. “What kind of books?” “Oh, you know. The usual. The classics. British literature, mainly.” British literature? Bronte and Austen, I bet. All those romantic hearts and flowers types. Fuck. That’s not good. “Anything else you need?” “I don’t know. What else would you recommend?” I want to see her reaction. “For a do-it-yourselfer?” she asks, surprised. I want to hoot with laughter. Oh baby, DIY is not my thing. I nod, stifling my mirth. Her eyes flick down my body and I tense. She is checking me out! Fuck me. “Coveralls,” she blurts out. It’s the most unexpected thing I’ve heard out of her sweet, smart mouth since the “are you gay” question. “You wouldn’t want to ruin your clothing.” She gestures to my jeans, embarrassed once more. I can’t resist. “I could always take them off.” “Um.” She flushes beet red and gazes down at the floor. “I’ll take some coveralls. Heaven forbid I should ruin any clothing,” I murmur to put her out of her misery. Without a word, she turns and walks briskly up the aisle, and once again I follow in her
enticing wake. “Do you need anything else?” she says breathlessly, handing me a pair of blue coveralls. She’s mortified, eyes still cast down, face flushed. Christ, she does things to me. “How’s the article coming along?” I ask in the hope she might relax a little. She looks up and gives me a brief relieved smile. Finally. “I’m not writing it, Katherine is. Miss Kavanagh. My roommate, she’s the writer. She’s very happy with it. She’s the editor of the magazine, and she was devastated that she couldn’t do the interview in person.” It’s the longest sentence she’s addressed to me since we first met, and she’s talking about someone else, not herself. Interesting. Before I can comment, she adds, “Her only concern is that she doesn’t have any original photographs of you.” The tenacious Miss Kavanagh wants photographs. Publicity stills, eh? I can do that. It will allow me to spend some more time with the delectable Miss Steele. “What sort of photographs does she want?” She gazes at me for a moment, then shakes her head. “Well, I’m around. Tomorrow, perhaps . . .” I can stay in Portland. Work from a hotel. A room at the Heathman, perhaps. I’ll need Taylor to come down, bring my laptop and some clothes. Or Elliot— unless he’s screwing around, which is his usual MO over the weekend. “You’d be willing to attend a photo shoot?” She cannot contain her surprise. I give her a brief nod. You’d be amazed what I’d do to spend more time with you, Miss Steele . . . in fact, so am I. “Kate will be delighted—if we can find a photographer.” She smiles and her face lights up like a summer dawn. Christ, she’s breathtaking. “Let me know about tomorrow.” I pull my card out of my wallet. “It has my cell number on it. You’ll need to call before ten in the morning.” And if she doesn’t, I’ll head on back to Seattle and forget about this stupid venture. The thought depresses me. “Okay.” She continues to grin. “Ana!” We both turn as a young man, casually but expensively dressed, appears at the far end of the aisle. He’s all fucking smiles for Miss Anastasia Steele. Who the hell is this prick? “Er . . . excuse me for a moment, Mr. Grey.” She walks toward him, and the fucker engulfs her in a gorilla-like hug. My blood runs cold. It’s a primal response. Get your motherfucking paws off her. I fist my hands and am only slightly mollified when I see her make no move to hug him back. They fall into a whispered conversation. Shit, maybe Welch’s facts were wrong. Maybe this guy is her boyfriend. He looks the right age, and he can’t take his greedy little eyes off her. He holds her for a moment at arm’s length, examining her, then stands with his arm leisurely resting on her shoulder. It’s a seemingly casual gesture, but I know he’s staking a claim and telling me to back off. She seems embarrassed, shifting from foot to foot. Shit. I should go. Then she says something else to him and moves out of his reach, touching his arm, not his hand. It’s clear they aren’t close. Good. “Er . . . Paul, this is Christian Grey. Mr. Grey, this is Paul Clayton. His brother owns the place.” She gives me an odd look that I don’t understand and continues, “I’ve known Paul ever since I’ve worked here, though we don’t see each other that often. He’s back from Princeton where he’s studying business administration.” The boss’s brother, not a boyfriend. The extent of the relief I feel is unexpected, and it makes me frown. This woman has really gotten under my skin.
“Mr. Clayton.” My tone is deliberately clipped. “Mr. Grey.” He shakes my hand limply. Wet fucker. “Wait up—not the Christian Grey of Grey Enterprises Holdings?” In a heartbeat I watch him morph from territorial to obsequious. Yeah, that’s me, you prick. “Wow—is there anything I can get you?” “Anastasia has it covered, Mr. Clayton. She’s been very attentive.” Now fuck off. “Cool,” he gushes all wide-eyed and deferential. “Catch you later, Ana.” “Sure, Paul,” she says, and he ambles off, thank Christ. I watch him disappear toward the back of the store. “Anything else, Mr. Grey?” “Just these items,” I mutter. Shit, I’m out of time, and I still don’t know if I’m going to see her again. I have to know whether there’s a hope in hell she might consider what I have in mind. How can I ask her? Am I ready to take on a new submissive, one who knows nothing? Shit. She’s going to need substantial training. I groan inwardly at all the interesting possibilities this presents . . .fuck me, getting there is going to be half the fun. Will she even be interested? Or do I have this all wrong? She heads back to the cashier’s desk and rings up my purchases, all the while keeping her gaze cast down. Look at me, dammit! I want to see her beautiful blue eyes again and gauge what she’s thinking. Finally she raises her head. “That will be forty-three dollars, please.” Is that all? “Would you like a bag?” she asks, slipping into salesclerk mode as I pass her my Amex. “Please, Anastasia.” Her name—a beautiful name for a beautiful girl—rolls off my tongue. She packs the items briskly and efficiently into the carrier. This is it. I have to go. “You’ll call me if you want me to do the photo shoot?” She nods as she hands back my charge card. “Good. Until tomorrow, perhaps.” I can’t just leave. I have to let her know I’m interested. “Oh, and Anastasia? I’m glad Miss Kavanagh couldn’t do the interview.” Delighting in her stunned expression, I sling the bag over my shoulder and saunter out of the store. Yes, against my better judgment, I want her. Now I have to wait . . . fucking wait . . . again.


SlideShare
Explore 

Upload
Login
Signup
Share Email Embed Like Save
 













































































































































































































































































































































































































































He’s come back. Mommy’s asleep or she’s sick again. I hide and curl up small under the table in the kitchen. Through my fingers I can see Mommy. She is asleep on the couch. Her hand is on the sticky green rug, and he’s wearing his big boots with the shiny buckle and standing over Mommy shouting. He hits Mommy with a belt. Get up! Get up! You are one fucked-up bitch. You are one fucked-up bitch. You are one fucked-up bitch. You are one fucked-up bitch. You are one fucked-up bitch. You are one fucked-up bitch. Mommy makes a sobbing noise. Stop. Please stop. Mommy doesn’t scream. Mommy curls up small. I have my fingers in my ears, and I close my eyes. The sound stops. He turns and I can see his boots as he stomps into the kitchen. He still has the belt. He is trying to find me. He stoops down and grins. He smells nasty. Of cigarettes and drink. There you are, you little shit. A chilling wail wakes him. Christ! He’s drenched in sweat and his heart is pounding.What the fuck? He sits bolt upright in bed and puts his head in hands.Fuck. They’re back. The noise was me.He takes a deep steadying breath, trying to rid his mind and nostrils of the smell of cheap bourbon and stale Camel cigarettes.
I have survived Day Three Post-Christian, and my first day at work. It has been a welcome distraction. The time has flown by in a haze of new faces, work to do, and Mr. Jack Hyde. Mr. Jack Hyde... he smiles down at me, his blue eyes twinkling, as he leans against my desk. “Excellent work, Ana. I think we’re going to make a great team.” Somehow, I manage to curl my lips upward in a semblance of a smile. “I’ll be off, if that’s okay with you,” I murmur. “Of course, it’s five thirty. I’ll see you tomorrow.” “Goodnight, Jack.” “Goodnight, Ana.” Collecting my bag, I shrug on my jacket and head for the door. Out in the early evening air of Seattle, I take a deep breath. It doesn’t begin to fill the void in my chest, a void that’s been present since Saturday morning, a painful hollow reminder of my loss. I walk toward the bus stop with my head down, staring at my feet and contemplating being without my beloved Wanda, my old Beetle... or the Audi. I shut the door on that thought immediately. No. Don’t think about him. Of course, I can afford a car—a nice, new car. I suspect he has been overgenerous in his payment, and the thought leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, but I dismiss it and try to keep my mind as numb and as blank as possible. I can’t think about him. I don’t want to start crying again—not out on the street. The apartment is empty. I miss Kate, and I imagine her lying on a beach in Barbados sipping a cool cocktail. I turn on the flat-screen television so there’s noise to fill the vacuum and provide some
semblance of company, but I don’t listen or watch. I sit and stare blankly at the brick wall. I am numb. I feel nothing but the pain. How long must I endure this? The door buzzer startles me from my anguish, and my heart skips a beat. Who could that be? I press the intercom. “Delivery for Ms. Steele.” A bored, disembodied voice answers, and disappointment crashes through me. I listlessly make my way downstairs and find a young man noisily chewing gum, holding a large cardboard box, and leaning against the front door. I sign for the package and take it upstairs. The box is huge and surprisingly light. Inside are two dozen long-stemmed, white roses and a card. Congratulations on your first day at work. I hope it went well. And thank you for the glider. That was very thoughtful. It has pride of place on my desk. Christian I stare at the typed card, the hollow in my chest expanding. No doubt, his assistant sent this. Christian probably had very little to do with it. It’s too painful to think about. I examine the roses—they are beautiful, and I can’t bring myself to throw them in the trash. Dutifully, I make my way into the kitchen to hunt down a vase. And so a pattern develops: wake, work, cry, sleep. Well, try to sleep. I can’t even escape him in my dreams. Gray burning eyes, his lost look, his hair burnished and bright all haunt me. And the music... so much music—I cannot bear to hear any music. I am careful to avoid it at all costs. Even the jingles in commercials make me shudder. I have spoken to no one, not even my mother or Ray. I don’t have the capacity for idle talk now. No, I want none of it. I have become my own island state. A ravaged, war-torn land where nothing grows and the horizons are bleak. Yes, that’s me. I can interact impersonally at work, but that’s it. If I talk to Mom, I know I will break even further—and I have nothing left to break. I am finding it difficult to eat. By Wednesday lunchtime, I manage a cup of yogurt, and it’s the first thing I’ve eaten since Friday. I am surviving on a newfound tolerance for lattes and Diet Coke. It’s the caffeine that keeps me going, but it’s making me anxious. Jack has started to hover over me, irritating me, asking me personal questions. What does he want? I’m polite, but I need to keep him at arm’s length. I sit and begin trawling through a pile of correspondence addressed to him, and I’m pleased with the distraction of menial work. My e-mail pings, and I quickly check to see who it’s from. Holy shit. An e-mail from Christian. Oh no, not here... not at work.
From: Christian Grey Subject: Tomorrow Date: June 8, 2011 14:05 To: Anastasia Steele Dear Anastasia Forgive this intrusion at work. I hope that it’s going well. Did you get my flowers? I note that tomorrow is the gallery opening for your friend’s show, and I’m sure you’ve not had time to purchase a car, and it’s a long drive. I would be more than happy to take you—should you wish. Let me know. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Tears swim in my eyes. I hastily leave my desk and bolt to the restroom to escape into one of the stalls. José’s show. Crap. I’d forgotten all about it, and I promised him I’d go. Shit, Christian is right; how am I going to get there? I clutch my forehead. Why hasn’t José phoned? Come to think of it—why hasn’t anyone phoned? I’ve been so absentminded, I haven’t noticed that my cell phone has been silent. Shit! I am such an idiot! I still have it on divert to the Blackberry. Holy hell. Christian’s been getting my calls—unless he’s just thrown the Blackberry away. How did he get my e-mail address? He knows my shoe size, an e-mail address is hardly going to present him with many problems. Can I see him again? Could I bear it? Do I want to see him? I close my eyes and tilt my head back as grief and longing lance through me. Of course I do. Perhaps, perhaps I can tell him I’ve changed my mind... No, no, no. I cannot be with someone who takes pleasure in inflicting pain on me, someone who can’t love me. Torturous memories flash through my mind—the gliding, holding hands, kissing, the bathtub, his gentleness, his humor, and his dark, brooding, sexy stare. I miss him. It’s been five days, five days of agony that has felt like an eternity. I wrap my arms around my body, hugging myself tightly, holding myself together. I miss him. I really miss him... I love him. Simple. I cry myself to sleep at night, wishing I hadn’t walked out, wishing that he could be different, wishing that we were together. How long will this hideous overwhelming feeling last? I am in purgatory.
Anastasia Steele, you are at work! I must be strong, but I want to go to José’s show, and deep down, the masochist in me wants to see Christian. Taking a deep breath, I head back to my desk. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Tomorrow Date: June 8, 2011 14:25 To: Christian Grey Hi Christian Thank you for the flowers; they are lovely. Yes, I would appreciate a lift. Thank you. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP Checking my phone, I find that it is still switched to divert. Jack is in a meeting, so I quickly call José. “Hi, José. It’s Ana.” “Hello, stranger.” His tone is so warm and welcoming it’s almost enough to push me over the edge again. “I can’t talk long. What time should I be there tomorrow for your show?” “You’re still coming?” He sounds excited. “Yes, of course.” I smile my first genuine smile in five days as I picture his broad grin. “Seven thirty.” “See you then. Good-bye, José.” “Bye, Ana.” From: Christian Grey Subject: Tomorrow
Date: June 8, 2011 14:27 To: Anastasia Steele Dear Anastasia What time shall I collect you? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Tomorrow Date: June 8, 2011 14:32 To: Christian Grey José’s show starts at 7:30. What time would you suggest? Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Tomorrow Date: June 8, 2011 14:34 To: Anastasia Steele Dear Anastasia Portland is some distance away. I shall collect you at 5:45. I look forward to seeing you. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele
Subject: Tomorrow Date: June 8, 2011 14:38 To: Christian Grey See you then. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP Oh my. I’m going to see Christian, and for the first time in five days, my spirits lift a fraction and I allow myself to wonder how he’s been. Has he missed me? Probably not like I’ve missed him. Has he found a new submissive from wherever they come from? The thought is so painful that I dismiss it immediately. I look at the pile of correspondence I need to sort for Jack and tackle it as I try to push Christian out of my mind once more. That night in bed, I toss and turn, trying to sleep. It is the first time in a while I haven’t cried myself to sleep. In my mind’s eye, I visualize Christian’s face the last time I saw him as I left his apartment. His tortured expression haunts me. I remember he didn’t want me to go, which was odd. Why would I stay when things had reached such an impasse? We were each skirting around our own issues—my fear of punishment, his fear of... what? Love? Turning on my side, I hug my pillow, filled with an overwhelming sadness. He thinks he doesn’t deserve to be loved. Why does he feel that way? Is it something to do with his upbringing? His birth mom, the crack whore? My thoughts plague me into the early hours until eventually I fall into a fitful, exhausted sleep. The day drags and drags and Jack is unusually attentive. I suspect it’s Kate’s plum dress and the black high-heeled boots I’ve stolen from her closet, but I don’t dwell on the thought. I resolve to go clothes shopping with my first paycheck. The dress is looser on me than it was, but I pretend not to notice. Finally, it’s five thirty, and I collect my jacket and purse, trying to quell my nerves. I’m going to see him! “Do you have a date tonight?” Jack asks as he strolls past my desk on his way out. “Yes. No. Not really.” He cocks an eyebrow at me, his interest clearly piqued. “Boyfriend?” I flush. “No, a friend. An ex-boyfriend.” “Maybe tomorrow you’d like to come for a drink after work. You’ve had a stellar first week, Ana. We should celebrate.” He smiles and some unknown emotion flits across his face, making me uneasy.
Putting his hands in his pockets, he saunters through the double doors. I frown at his retreating back. Drinks with the boss, is that a good idea? I shake my head. I have an evening of Christian Grey to get through first. How am I going to do this? I hurry into the restroom to make last-minute adjustments. In the large mirror on the wall, I take a long, hard look at my face. I am my usual pale self, dark circles round my too-large eyes. I look gaunt, haunted. Jeez, I wish I knew how to use makeup. I apply some mascara and eyeliner and pinch my cheeks, hoping to bring some color their way. Tidying my hair so that it hangs artfully down my back, I take a deep breath. This will have to do. Nervously I walk through the foyer with a smile and a wave to Claire at reception. I think she and I could become friends. Jack is talking to Elizabeth as I head for the doors. Smiling broadly, he hurries over to open them for me. “After you, Ana,” he murmurs. “Thank you.” I smile, embarrassed. Outside on the curb, Taylor is waiting. He opens the rear door of the car. I glance hesitantly at Jack who has followed me out. He’s looking toward the Audi SUV in dismay. I turn and climb into the back, and there he sits—Christian Grey—wearing his gray suit, no tie, his white shirt open at the collar. His gray eyes are glowing. My mouth dries. He looks glorious except he’s scowling at me. Oh no! “When did you last eat?” he snaps as Taylor closes the door behind me. Crap. “Hello, Christian. Yes, it’s nice to see you, too.” “I don’t want your smart mouth now. Answer me.” His eyes blaze. Holy shit. “Um... I had a yogurt at lunchtime. Oh—and a banana.” “When did you last have a proper meal?” he asks acidly. Taylor slips into the driver’s seat, starts the car, and pulls out into the traffic. I glance up and Jack is waving at me, though how he can see me through the dark glass, I don’t know. I wave back. “Who’s that?” Christian snaps. “My boss.” I peek up at the beautiful man beside me, and his mouth is pressed into a hard line.
“Well? Your last meal?” “Christian, that really is none of your concern,” I murmur, feeling extraordinarily brave. “Whatever you do concerns me. Tell me.” No, it doesn’t. I groan in frustration, rolling my eyes heavenward, and Christian narrows his eyes. And for the first time in a long time, I want to laugh. I try hard to stifle the giggle that threatens to bubble up. Christian’s face softens as I struggle to keep a straight face, and I see a trace of a smile kiss his beautifully sculptured lips. “Well?” he asks, his voice softer. “Pasta alla vongole, last Friday,” I whisper. He closes his eyes as fury and possibly regret, sweeps across his face. “I see,” he says, his voice expressionless. “You look like you’ve lost at least five pounds, possibly more since then. Please eat, Anastasia,” he scolds. I stare down at the knotted fingers in my lap. Why does he always make me feel like an errant child? He shifts and turns toward me. “How are you?” he asks, his voice still soft. Well, I’m shit really... I swallow. “If I told you I was fine, I’d be lying.” He inhales sharply. “Me, too,” he murmurs and reaches over and clasps my hand. “I miss you,” he adds. Oh no. Skin against skin. “Christian, I—” “Ana, please. We need to talk.” I’m going to cry. No. “Christian, I... please... I’ve cried so much,” I whisper, trying to keep my emotions in check “Oh, baby, no.” He tugs my hand, and before I know it I’m on his lap. He has his arms around me, and his nose is in my hair. “I’ve missed you so much, Anastasia,” he breathes. I want to struggle out of his hold, to maintain some distance, but his arms are wrapped around me. He’s pressing me to his chest. I melt. Oh, this is where I want to be. I rest my head against him, and he kisses my hair repeatedly. This is home. He smells of linen, fabric softener, body wash, and my favorite smell—Christian. For a moment, I allow myself the illusion that all will be well, and it soothes my ravaged soul. A few minutes later Taylor pulls to a stop at the curb, even though we’re still in the city.
“Come”—Christian shifts me off his lap—“we’re here.” What? “Helipad—on the top of this building.” Christian glances toward the building by way of explanation. Of course. Charlie Tango. Taylor opens the door and I slide out. He gives me a warm, avuncular smile that makes me feel safe. I smile back. “I should give you back your handkerchief.” “Keep it, Miss Steele, with my best wishes.” I flush as Christian comes around the car and takes my hand. He looks quizzically at Taylor who stares impassively back at him, revealing nothing. “Nine?” Christian says to him. “Yes, sir.” Christian nods as he turns and leads me through the double doors into the grandiose foyer. I revel in the feel of his large hand and his long, skilled fingers curled around mine. I feel the familiar pull—I am drawn, Icarus to his sun. I have been burned already, and yet here I am again. Reaching the elevators, he presses the call button. I peek up at him, and he’s wearing his enigmatic half smile. As the doors open, he releases my hand and ushers me in. The doors close and I risk a second peek. He glances down at me, gray eyes alive, and it’s there in the air between us, that electricity. It’s palpable. I can almost taste it, pulsing between us, drawing us together. “Oh my,” I gasp as I bask briefly in the intensity of this visceral, primal attraction. “I feel it, too,” he says, his eyes clouded and intense. Desire pools dark and deadly in my groin. He clasps my hand and grazes my knuckles with his thumb, and all my muscles clench tightly, deliciously, deep inside me. Holy cow. How can he still do this to me? “Please don’t bite your lip, Anastasia,” he whispers. I gaze up at him, releasing my lip. I want him. Here, now, in the elevator. How could I not? “You know what it does to me,” he murmurs. Oh, I still affect him. My inner goddess stirs from her five-day sulk.
Abruptly the doors open, breaking the spell, and we’re on the roof. It’s windy, and despite my black jacket, I’m cold. Christian puts his arm around me, pulling me into his side, and we hurry across to where Charlie Tango stands in the center of the helipad with its rotor blades slowly spinning. A tall, blond, square-jawed man in a dark suit leaps out and, ducking low, runs toward us. Shaking hands with Christian, he shouts above the noise of the rotors. “Ready to go, sir. She’s all yours!” “All checks done?” “Yes, sir.” “You’ll collect her around eight thirty?” “Yes, sir.” “Taylor’s waiting for you out front.” “Thank you, Mr. Grey. Safe flight to Portland. Ma’am.” He salutes me. Without releasing me, Christian nods, ducks down, and leads me to the helicopter door. Once inside he buckles me firmly into my harness, cinching the straps tight. He gives me a knowing look and his secret smile. “This should keep you in your place,” he murmurs. “I must say I do like this harness on you. Don’t touch anything.” I flush a deep crimson, and he runs his index finger down my cheek before handing me the headphones. I’d like to touch you, too, but you won’t let me. I scowl at him. Besides, he’s pulled the straps so tight I can barely move. He sits in his seat and buckles himself in, then starts running through all his preflight checks. He’s just so competent. It’s very alluring. He puts on his headphones and flips a switch and the rotors speed up, deafening me. Turning, he gazes at me. “Ready, baby?” His voice echoes through the headphones. “Yes.” He grins his boyish grin. Wow—I’ve not seen it for so long. “Sea-Tac tower, this is Charlie Tango—Tango Echo Hotel, cleared for takeoff to Portland via PDX. Please confirm, over.” The disembodied voice of the air traffic controller answers, issuing instructions.
“Roger, tower, Charlie Tango set, over and out.” Christian flips two switches, grasps the stick, and the helicopter rises slowly and smoothly into the evening sky. Seattle and my stomach drop away from us, and there’s so much to see. “We’ve chased the dawn, Anastasia, now the dusk,” his voice comes through on the headphones. I turn to gape at him in surprise. What does this mean? How is it that he can say the most romantic things? He smiles, and I can’t help but smile shyly back at him. “As well as the evening sun, there’s more to see this time,” he says. The last time we flew to Seattle it was dark, but this evening the view is spectacular, literally out of this world. We’re up among the tallest buildings, going higher and higher. “Escala’s over there.” He points toward the building. “Boeing there, and you can just see the Space Needle.” I crane my head. “I’ve never been.” “I’ll take you—we can eat there.” What? “Christian, we broke up.” “I know. I can still take you there and feed you.” He glares at me. I shake my head and flush before taking a less confrontational approach. “It’s very beautiful up here, thank you.” “Impressive, isn’t it?” “Impressive that you can do this.” “Flattery from you, Miss Steele? But I’m a man of many talents.” “I’m fully aware of that, Mr. Grey.” He turns and smirks at me, and for the first time in five days, I relax a little. Perhaps this won’t be so bad. “How’s the new job?” “Good, thank you. Interesting.” “What’s your boss like?”
“Oh, he’s okay.” How can I tell Christian that Jack makes me uncomfortable? Christian turns and gazes at me. “What’s wrong?” he asks. “Aside from the obvious, nothing.” “The obvious?” “Oh, Christian, you really are very obtuse sometimes.” “Obtuse? Me? I’m not sure I appreciate your tone, Miss Steele.” “Well, don’t then.” His lips twitch into a smile. “I have missed your smart mouth.” I gasp and I want to shout, I’ve missed you—all of you—not just your mouth! But I keep quiet and gaze out the glass fishbowl that is Charlie Tango’s windshield as we continue south. The dusk is to our right, the sun low on the horizon—large, blazing fiery orange—and I am Icarus again, flying far too close. The dusk has followed us from Seattle, and the sky is awash with opal, pinks, and aquamarines woven seamlessly together as only Mother Nature knows how. It’s a clear, crisp evening, and the lights of Portland twinkle and wink, welcoming us as Christian sets the helicopter down on the helipad. We are on top of the strange brown brick building in Portland we left less than three weeks ago. Jeez, it’s been hardly any time at all. Yet I feel like I’ve known Christian for a lifetime. He powers down Charlie Tango, flipping various switches so the rotors stop, and eventually all I hear is my own breathing through the headphones. Hmm. Briefly it reminds me of the Thomas Tallis experience. I blanch. I so don’t want to go there right now. Christian unbuckles his harness and leans across to undo mine. “Good trip, Miss Steele?” he asks, his voice mild, his gray eyes glowing. “Yes, thank you, Mr. Grey,” I reply politely. “Well, let’s go see the boy’s photos.” He holds his hand out to me and taking it, I climb out of Charlie Tango. A gray-haired man with a beard walks over to meet us, smiling broadly, and I recognize him as the oldtimer from the last time we were here. “Joe.” Christian smiles and releases my hand to shake Joe’s warmly. “Keep her safe for Stephan. He’ll be along around eight or nine.”
“Will do, Mr. Grey. Ma’am,” he says, nodding at me. “Your car’s waiting downstairs, sir. Oh, and the elevator’s out of order; you’ll need to use the stairs.” “Thank you, Joe.” Christian takes my hand, and we head to the emergency stairs. “Good thing for you this is only three floors, in those heels,” he mutters to me in disapproval. No kidding. “Don’t you like the boots?” “I like them very much, Anastasia.” His gaze darkens and I think he might say something else, but he stops. “Come. We’ll take it slow. I don’t want you falling and breaking your neck.” We sit in silence as our driver takes us to the gallery. My anxiety has returned full force, and I realize that our time in Charlie Tango has been the eye of the storm. Christian is quiet and brooding... apprehensive even; our lighter mood from earlier has dissipated. There’s so much I want to say, but this journey is too short. Christian stares pensively out the window. “José is just a friend,” I murmur. Christian turns and gazes at me, his eyes dark and guarded, giving nothing away. His mouth—oh, his mouth is distracting, and unbidden. I remember it on me—everywhere. My skin heats. He shifts in his seat and frowns. “Those beautiful eyes look too large in your face, Anastasia. Please tell me you’ll eat.” “Yes, Christian, I’ll eat,” I answer automatically, a platitude. “I mean it.” “Do you now?” I cannot keep the disdain out of my voice. Honestly, the audacity of this man—this man who has put me through hell over the last few days. No, that’s wrong. I’ve put myself through hell. No. It’s him. I shake my head, confused. “I don’t want to fight with you, Anastasia. I want you back, and I want you healthy,” he says softly. What? What does that mean? “But nothing’s changed.” You’re still fifty shades. “Let’s talk on the way back. We’re here.” The car pulls up in front of the gallery, and Christian climbs out, leaving me speechless. He opens the car door for me, and I clamber out. “Why do you do that?” My voice is louder than I expected.
“Do what?” Christian is taken aback. “Say something like that and then just stop.” “Anastasia, we’re here. Where you want to be. Let’s do this and then talk. I don’t particularly want a scene in the street.” I flush and glance around. He’s right. It’s too public. I press my lips together as he glares down at me. “Okay,” I mutter sulkily. Taking my hand, he leads me into the building. We are in a converted warehouse—brick walls, dark wood floors, white ceilings, and white pipe work. It’s airy and modern, and there are several people wandering across the gallery floor, sipping wine and admiring José’s work. For a moment, my troubles melt away as I grasp that José has realized his dream. Way to go, José! “Good evening and welcome to José Rodriguez’s show.” A young woman dressed in black with very short brown hair, bright red lipstick, and large hooped earrings greets us. She glances briefly at me, then much longer than is strictly necessary at Christian, then turns back to me, blinking as she blushes. My brow creases. He’s mine—or was. I try hard not to scowl at her. As her eyes regain their focus, she blinks again. “Oh, it’s you, Ana. We’ll want your take on all this, too.” Grinning, she hands me a brochure and directs me to a table laden with drinks and snacks. How does she know my name? “You know her?” Christian frowns. I shake my head, equally puzzled. He shrugs, distracted. “What would you like to drink?” “I’ll have a glass of white wine, thank you.” His brow furrows, but he holds his tongue and heads for the open bar. “Ana!” José comes barreling through a throng of people. Holy cow! He’s wearing a suit. He looks good and he’s beaming at me. He enfolds me in his arms, hugging me hard. And it’s all I can do not to burst into tears. My friend, my only friend while Kate is away. Tears pool in my eyes.
“Ana, I’m so glad you made it,” he whispers in my ear, then pauses and abruptly holds me at arm’s length, staring at me. “What?” “Hey are you okay? You look, well, odd. Dios mio, have you lost weight?” I blink back my tears. “José, I’m fine. I’m just so happy for you.” Crap—not him, too. “Congratulations on the show.” My voice wavers as I see his concern etched on his oh-so-familiar face, but I have to hold myself together. “How did you get here?” he asks. “Christian brought me,” I say, suddenly apprehensive. “Oh.” José’s face falls and he releases me. “Where is he?” His expression darkens. “Over there, fetching drinks.” I nod in Christian’s direction and see he’s exchanging pleasantries with someone waiting in line. Christian glances up when I look his way and our eyes lock. And in that brief moment, I’m paralyzed, staring at the impossibly handsome man who gazes at me with some unfathomable emotion. His gaze hot, burning into me, and we’re lost for a moment staring at each other. Holy cow... This beautiful man wants me back, and deep down inside me sweet joy slowly unfurls like a morning glory in the early dawn. “Ana!” José distracts me, and I’m dragged back to the here and now. “I am so glad you came—listen, I should warn you—” Suddenly, Miss Very Short Hair and Red Lipstick cuts him off. “José, the journalist from the Portland Printz is here to see you. Come on.” She gives me a polite smile. “How cool is this? The fame.” He grins, and I can’t help but grin back—he’s so happy. “Catch you later, Ana.” He kisses my cheek, and I watch him stroll over to a young woman standing by a tall lanky photographer. José’s photographs are everywhere, and in some cases, blown up onto huge canvases. There are both monochromes and colors. There’s an ethereal beauty to many of the landscapes. In one taken out near the lake at Vancouver, it’s early evening and pink clouds are reflected in the stillness of the water. Briefly, I’m transported by the tranquility and the peace. It’s stunning. Christian joins me, and I take a deep breath and swallow, trying to recover some of my earlier equilibrium. He hands me my glass of white wine. “Does it come up to scratch?” My voice sounds more normal. He looks quizzically at me.
“The wine.” “No. Rarely does at these kinds of events. The boy’s quite talented, isn’t he?” Christian is admiring the lake photo. “Why else do you think I asked him to take your portrait?” I can’t help the pride in my voice. His eyes glide impassively from the photograph to me. “Christian Grey?” The photographer from the Portland Printz approaches Christian. “Can I have a picture, sir?” “Sure.” Christian hides his scowl. I step back, but he grabs my hand and pulls me to his side. The photographer looks at both of us and can’t hide his surprise. “Mr. Grey, thank you.” He snaps a couple of photos. “Miss...?” he asks. “Steele,” I reply. “Thank you, Miss Steele.” He scurries off. “I looked for pictures of you with dates on the Internet. There aren’t any. That’s why Kate thought you were gay.” Christian’s mouth twitches with a smile. “That explains your inappropriate question. No, I don’t do dates, Anastasia—only with you. But you know that.” His eyes burn with sincerity. “So you never took your”—I glance around nervously to check no one can overhear us—“subs out?” “Sometimes. Not on dates. Shopping, you know.” He shrugs, his eyes not leaving mine. Oh, so just in the playroom—his Red Room of Pain and his apartment. I don’t know what to feel about that. “Just you, Anastasia,” he whispers. I blush and stare down at my fingers. In his own way, he does care about me. “Your friend here seems more of a landscape man, not portraits. Let’s look round.” He holds his hand out to me, and I take it. We wander past a few more prints, and I notice a couple nodding at me, smiling broadly as if they know me. It must be because I’m with Christian, but one young man is blatantly staring. Odd. We turn the corner, and I can see why I’ve been getting strange looks. Hanging on the far wall are seven huge portraits—of me.
I stare blankly at them, stupefied, the blood draining from my face. Me: pouting, laughing, scowling, serious, amused. All in super close up, all in black and white. Holy crap! I remember José messing with the camera on a couple of occasions when he was visiting and when I’d been out with him as driver and photographer’s assistant. He took snapshots, or so I thought. Not these invasive candids. I glance up at Christian, who is staring, transfixed, at each of the pictures in turn. “Seems I’m not the only one,” he mutters cryptically, his mouth settling into a hard line. I think he’s angry. Oh no. “Excuse me,” he says, pinning me with his bright gray gaze for a moment. He turns and heads to the reception desk. What’s his problem now? I watch mesmerized as he talks animatedly with Miss Very Short Hair and Red Lipstick. He fishes out his wallet and produces his credit card. Shit. He must have bought one of them. “Hey. You’re the muse. These photographs are terrific.” A young man with a shock of bright blond hair startles me. I feel a hand at my elbow and Christian is back. “You’re a lucky guy.” Blond Shock smirks at Christian, who gives him a cold stare. “That I am,” he mutters darkly, as he pulls me over to one side. “Did you just buy one of these?” “One of these?” he snorts, not taking his eyes off them. “You bought more than one?” He rolls his eyes. “I bought them all, Anastasia. I don’t want some stranger ogling you in the privacy of their home.” My first inclination is to laugh. “You’d rather it was you?” I scoff. He glares down at me, caught off guard by my audacity, I think, but he’s trying to hide his amusement. “Frankly, yes.” “Pervert,” I mouth at him and bite my lower lip to prevent my smile. His mouth drops open, and now his amusement is obvious. He strokes his chin thoughtfully.
“Can’t argue with that assessment, Anastasia.” He shakes his head, and his eyes soften with humor. “I’d discuss it further with you, but I’ve signed an NDA.” He sighs, gazing at me, and his eyes darken. “What I’d like to do to your smart mouth,” he murmurs. I gasp, knowing full well what he means. “You’re very rude.” I try to sound shocked and succeed. Does he have no boundaries? He smirks at me, amused, and then he frowns. “You look very relaxed in these photographs, Anastasia. I don’t see you like that very often.” What? Whoa! Change of subject—talk about non sequitur—from playful to serious. I flush and glance down at my fingers. He tilts my head back, and I inhale sharply at the contact with his long fingers. “I want you that relaxed with me,” he whispers. All trace of humor has gone. Deep inside me that joy stirs again. But how can this be? We have issues. “You have to stop intimidating me if you want that,” I snap. “You have to learn to communicate and tell me how you feel,” he snaps back, eyes blazing. I take a deep breath. “Christian, you wanted me as a submissive. That’s where the problem lies. It’s in the definition of a submissive—you e-mailed it to me once.” I pause, trying to recall the wording. “I think the synonyms were, and I quote, ‘compliant, pliant, amenable, passive, tractable, resigned, patient, docile, tame, subdued.’ I wasn’t supposed to look at you. Not talk to you unless you gave me permission to do so. What do you expect?” I hiss at him. He blinks, and his frown deepens as I continue. “It’s very confusing being with you. You don’t want me to defy you, but then you like my ‘smart mouth.’ You want obedience, except when you don’t, so you can punish me. I just don’t know which way is up when I’m with you.” He narrows his eyes. “Good point well made, as usual, Miss Steele.” His voice is frigid. “Come, let’s go eat.” “We’ve only been here for half an hour.” “You’ve seen the photos; you’ve spoken to the boy.” “His name is José.”
“You’ve spoken to José—the man who, the last time I met him, was trying to push his tongue into your reluctant mouth while you were drunk and ill,” he snarls. “He’s never hit me,” I spit at him. Christian scowls at me, fury emanating from every pore. “That’s a low blow, Anastasia,” he whispers menacingly. I flush, and Christian runs his hands through his hair, bristling with barely contained anger. I glare back at him. “I’m taking you for something to eat. You’re fading away in front of me. Find the boy, say good-bye.” “Please, can we stay longer?” “No. Go. Now. Say good-bye.” I glare at him, my blood boiling. Mr. Damned Control Freak. Angry is good. Angry is better than tearful. I drag my gaze away from him and scan the room for José. He’s talking to a group of young women. I stalk off toward him and away from Fifty. Just because he brought me here, I have to do as he says? Who the hell does he think he is? The girls are hanging on José’s every word. One of them gasps as I approach, no doubt recognizing me from the portraits. “José.” “Ana. Excuse me, girls.” José grins at them and puts his arm around me, and on some level I’m amused—José all smooth, impressing the ladies. “You look mad,” he says. “I have to go,” I mutter mulishly. “You just got here.” “I know but Christian needs to get back. The pictures are fantastic, José—you’re very talented.” He beams. “It was so cool seeing you.” Jose sweeps me into a big bear hug, spinning me so I can see Christian across the gallery. He’s scowling, and I realize it’s because I’m in José’s arms. So in a very calculating move, I wrap my arms around José’s neck. I think Christian is going to expire. His glare darkens to something quite sinister, and slowly he makes his way toward us. “Thanks for the warning about the portraits of me,” I mumble.
“Shit. Sorry, Ana. I should have told you. D’you like them?” “Um... I don’t know,” I answer truthfully, momentarily knocked off balance by his question. “Well, they’re all sold, so somebody likes them. How cool is that? You’re a poster girl.” He hugs me tighter still as Christian reaches us, glowering at me now, though fortunately José doesn’t see. José releases me. “Don’t be a stranger, Ana. Oh, Mr. Grey, good evening.” “Mr. Rodriguez, very impressive.” Christian sounds icily polite. “I’m sorry we can’t stay longer, but we need to head back to Seattle. Anastasia?” He subtly stresses we and takes my hand as he does so. “Bye, José. Congratulations again.” I give him a quick kiss on the cheek, and before I know it Christian is dragging me out of the building. I know he’s boiling with silent wrath, but so am I. He looks quickly up and down the street then heads left and suddenly sweeps me into a side alley, abruptly pushing me up against a wall. He grabs my face between his hands, forcing me to look up into his ardent determined eyes. I gasp, and his mouth swoops down. He’s kissing me, violently. Briefly our teeth clash, then his tongue is in my mouth. Desire explodes like the Fourth of July throughout my body, and I’m kissing him back, matching his fervor, my hands knotting in his hair, pulling it, hard. He groans, a low sexy sound in the back of his throat that reverberates through me, and his hand moves down my body to the top of my thigh, his fingers digging into my flesh through the plum dress. I pour all the angst and heartbreak of the last few days into our kiss, binding him to me, and it hits me— in this moment of blinding passion—he’s doing the same, he feels the same. He breaks off the kiss, panting. His eyes are luminous with desire, firing the already heated blood that is pounding through my body. My mouth is slack as I try to drag precious air into my lungs. “You. Are. Mine,” he snarls, emphasizing each word. He pushes away from me and bends, hands on his knees as if he’s run a marathon. “For the love of God, Ana.” I lean against the wall, panting, trying to control the riotous reaction in my body, trying to find my equilibrium again. “I’m sorry,” I whisper once my breath has returned. “You should be. I know what you were doing. Do you want the photographer, Anastasia? He obviously has feelings for you.” I flush and shake my head. “No. He’s just a friend.”
“I have spent all my adult life trying to avoid any extreme emotion. Yet you... you bring out feelings in me that are completely alien. It’s very...” He frowns, grasping for the word. “Unsettling. “I like control, Ana, and around you that just”—he stands, his gaze intense—“evaporates.” He waves his hand vaguely, then runs it through his hair and takes a deep breath. He clasps my hand. “Come, we need to talk, and you need to eat.” He leads me into a small, intimate restaurant. “This place will have to do,” Christian grumbles. “We don’t have much time.” The restaurant looks fine to me. Wooden chairs, linen tablecloths, and walls the same color as Christian’s playroom—deep blood red—with small gilt mirrors randomly placed, white candles, and small vases of white roses. Ella Fitzgerald croons softly in the background about this thing called love. It’s very romantic. The waiter leads us to a table for two in a small alcove, and I sit, apprehensive and wondering what he’s going to say. “We don’t have long,” Christian says to the waiter as we sit. “So we’ll each have sirloin steak cooked medium, béarnaise sauce if you have it, fries, and green vegetables, whatever the chef has; and bring me the wine list.” “Certainly, sir.” The waiter, taken aback by Christian’s cool, calm efficiency, scuttles off. Christian places his Blackberry on the table. Jeez, don’t I get a choice? “And if I don’t like steak?”
He sighs. “Don’t start, Anastasia.” “I am not a child, Christian.” “Well, stop acting like one.” It’s as if he’s slapped me. I blink at him. So this is how it will be, an agitated, fraught conversation, albeit in a very romantic setting but certainly no hearts and flowers. “I’m a child because I don’t like steak?” I mutter trying to conceal my hurt. “For deliberately making me jealous. It’s a childish thing to do. Have you no regard for your friend’s feelings, leading him on like that?” Christian presses his lips together in a thin line and scowls as the waiter returns with the wine list. I blush—I hadn’t thought of that. Poor José—I certainly don’t want to encourage him. Suddenly, I’m mortified. Christian has a point; it was a thoughtless thing to do. He glances at the wine list. “Would you like to choose the wine?” he asks, raising his eyebrows at me expectantly, arrogance personified. He knows I know nothing about wine. “You choose,” I answer, sullen but chastened. “Two glasses of the Barossa Valley Shiraz, please.” “Er... we only sell that wine by the bottle, sir.” “A bottle then,” Christian snaps. “Sir.” He retreats, subdued, and I don’t blame him. I frown at Fifty. What’s eating him? Oh, me probably, and somewhere in the depths of my psyche, my inner goddess rises sleepily, stretches, and smiles. She’s been asleep for a while. “You’re very grumpy.” He gazes at me impassively. “I wonder why that is?” “Well, it’s good to set the right tone for an intimate and honest discussion about the future, wouldn’t you say?” I smile at him sweetly. His mouth presses into a hard line, but then, almost reluctantly, his lips lift, and I know he’s trying to stifle his smile. “I’m sorry,” he says. “Apology accepted, and I’m pleased to inform you I haven’t decided to become a vegetarian since we last ate.”
“Since that was the last time you ate, I think that’s a moot point.” “There’s that word again, moot.” “Moot,” he mouths and his eyes soften with humor. He runs his hand through his hair, and he’s serious again. “Ana, the last time we spoke, you left me. I’m a little nervous. I’ve told you I want you back, and you’ve said... nothing.” His gaze is intense and expectant while his candor is totally disarming. What the hell do I say to this? “I’ve missed you... really missed you, Christian. The past few days have been... difficult.” I swallow, and a lump in my throat swells as I recall my desperate anguish since I left him. This last week has been the worst in my life, the pain almost indescribable. Nothing has come close. But reality hits home, winding me. “Nothing’s changed. I can’t be what you want me to be.” I squeeze the words out past the lump in my throat. “You are what I want you to be,” he says, his soft voice emphatic. “No, Christian, I’m not.” “You’re upset because of what happened last time. I behaved stupidly, and you... So did you. Why didn’t you safe word, Anastasia?” His tone changes, becoming accusatory. What? Whoa—change of direction. I flush, blinking at him. “Answer me.” “I don’t know. I was overwhelmed. I was trying to be what you wanted me to be, trying to deal with the pain, and it went out of my mind. You know... I forgot,” I whisper ashamed, and I shrug apologetically. Jeez, perhaps we could have avoided all this heartache. “You forgot!” he gasps with horror, grabbing the sides of the table and glaring at me. I wither under his stare. Shit! He’s furious again. My inner goddess glares at me, too. See, you brought all this on yourself! “How can I trust you?” he says, his voice low. “Ever?” The waiter arrives with our wine as we sit staring at each other, blue eyes to gray. Both of us filled with unspoken recriminations, while the waiter removes the cork with an unnecessary flourish and pours a little wine into Christian’s glass. Automatically Christian reaches out and takes a sip. “That’s fine.” His voice is curt.
Gingerly the waiter fills our glasses, placing the bottle on the table before beating a hasty retreat. Christian has not taken his eyes off me the whole time. I am the first to crack, breaking eye contact, picking up my glass and taking a large gulp. I barely taste it. “I’m sorry,” I whisper, suddenly feeling stupid. I left because I thought we were incompatible, but he’s saying I could have stopped him? “Sorry for what?” he says alarmed. “Not using the safe word.” He closes his eyes, as if in relief. “We might have avoided all this suffering,” he mutters. “You look fine.” More than fine. You look like you. “Appearances can be deceptive,” he says quietly. “I’m anything but fine. I feel like the sun has set and not risen for five days, Ana. I’m in perpetual night here.” I’m winded by his admission. Oh my, like me. “You said you’d never leave, yet the going gets tough and you’re out the door.” “When did I say I’d never leave?” “In your sleep. It was the most comforting thing I’d heard in so long, Anastasia. It made me relax.” My heart constricts and I reach for my wine. “You said you loved me,” he whispers. “Is that now in the past tense?” His voice is low, laced with anxiety. “No, Christian, it’s not.” He gazes at me, and he looks so vulnerable as he exhales. “Good,” he murmurs. I’m shocked by his admission. He’s had a change of heart. When I told him I loved him before, he was horrified. The waiter is back. Briskly he places our plates in front of us and scuttles away. Holy hell. Food. “Eat,” Christian commands. Deep down I know I’m hungry, but right now, my stomach is in knots. Sitting across from the only man I have ever loved and debating our uncertain future does not promote a healthy appetite. I look dubiously at my food.
“So help me God, Anastasia, if you don’t eat, I will take you across my knee here in this restaurant, and it will have nothing to do with my sexual gratification. Eat!” Jeez, keep your hair on, Grey. My subconscious stares at me over her half-moon specs. She is wholeheartedly in agreement with Fifty Shades. “Okay, I’ll eat. Stow your twitching palm, please.” He doesn’t smile but continues to glare at me. Reluctantly I lift my knife and fork and slice into my steak. Oh, it’s mouthwateringly good. I am hungry, really hungry. I chew and he visibly relaxes. We eat our supper in silence. The music’s changed. A soft-voiced woman sings in the background, her words echoing my thoughts. I glance at Fifty. He’s eating and watching me. Hunger, longing, anxiety combined in one hot look. “Do you know who’s singing?” I try for some normal conversation. Christian pauses and listens. “No... but she’s good, whoever she is.” “I like her, too.” Finally he smiles his private enigmatic smile. What’s he planning? “What?” I ask. He shakes his head. “Eat up,” he says mildly. I have eaten half the food on my plate. I cannot eat any more. How can I negotiate this? “I can’t manage any more. Have I eaten enough for Sir?” He stares at me impassively, not answering, then glances at his watch. “I am really full,” I add, taking a sip of the delicious wine. “We have to go shortly. Taylor’s here, and you have to be up for work in the morning.” “So do you.” “I function on a lot less sleep than you do, Anastasia. At least you’ve eaten something.” “Aren’t we going back via Charlie Tango?” “No, I thought I might have a drink. Taylor will collect us. Besides, this way I have you in the car all to myself for a few hours, at least. What can we do but talk?”
Oh, that’s his plan. Christian summons the waiter to ask for the check, then picks up his Blackberry and makes a call. “We’re at Le Picotin, South West Third Avenue.” He hangs up. Jeez, he’s curt over the phone. “You’re very brusque with Taylor, in fact, with most people.” “I just get to the point quickly, Anastasia.” “You haven’t gotten to the point this evening. Nothing’s changed, Christian.” “I have a proposition for you.” “This started with a proposition.” “A different proposition.” The waiter returns, and Christian hands over his credit card without checking the bill. He gazes at me speculatively while the waiter swipes his card. Christian’s phone buzzes once, and he peers at it. He has a proposition? What now? A couple of scenarios run through my mind: kidnap, working for him. No, nothing makes sense. Christian finishes paying. “Come. Taylor’s outside.” We stand and he takes my hand. “I don’t want to lose you, Anastasia.” He kisses my knuckles tenderly, and the touch of his lips on my skin resonates throughout my body. Outside the Audi is waiting. Christian opens my door. Climbing in, I sink into the plush leather. He heads to the driver’s side, Taylor steps out of the car and they talk briefly. This isn’t their usual protocol. I’m curious. What are they talking about? Moments later, they both climb in, and I glance at Christian who’s wearing his impassive face as he stares ahead. I allow myself a brief moment to examine his godlike profile: straight nose, sculptured full lips, hair falling deliciously over his forehead. This divine man is surely not meant for me. Soft music suddenly fills the rear of the car, an orchestral piece that I don’t know, and Taylor pulls into the light traffic, heading for the I-5 and Seattle. Christian shifts to face me. “As I was saying, Anastasia, I have a proposition for you.” I glance nervously at Taylor.
“Taylor can’t hear you,” Christian reassures me. “How?” “Taylor,” Christian calls. Taylor doesn’t respond. He calls again, still no response. Christian leans over and taps his shoulder. Taylor removes an ear bud I hadn’t noticed. “Yes, sir?” “Thank you, Taylor. It’s okay; resume your listening.” “Sir.” “Happy now? He’s listening to his iPod. Puccini. Forget he’s here. I do.” “Did you deliberately ask him to do that?” “Yes.” Oh. “Okay, your proposition?” Christian looks suddenly determined and businesslike. Holy shit. We’re negotiating a deal. I listen attentively. “Let me ask you something first. Do you want a regular vanilla relationship with no kinky fuckery at all?” My mouth drops open. “Kinky fuckery?” I squeak. “Kinky fuckery.” “I can’t believe you said that.” I glance nervously at Taylor. “Well, I did. Answer me,” he says calmly. I flush. My inner goddess is down on bended knee with her hands clasped in supplication begging me. “I like your kinky fuckery,” I whisper. “That’s what I thought. So what don’t you like?” Not being able to touch you. You enjoying my pain, the bite of the belt... “The threat of cruel and unusual punishment.” “What does that mean?”
“Well, you have all those canes and whips and stuff in your playroom, and they frighten the living daylights out of me. I don’t want you to use them on me.” “Okay, so no whips or canes—or belts, for that matter,” he says sardonically. I gaze at him puzzled. “Are you attempting to redefine the hard limits?” “Not as such, I’m just trying to understand you, get a clearer picture of what you do and don’t like.” “Fundamentally, Christian, it’s your joy in inflicting pain on me that’s difficult for me to handle. And the idea that you’ll do it because I have crossed some arbitrary line.” “But it’s not arbitrary; the rules are written down.” “I don’t want a set of rules.” “None at all?” “No rules.” I shake my head, but my heart is in my mouth. Where is he going with this? “But you don’t mind if I spank you?” “Spank me with what?” “This.” He holds up his hand. I squirm uncomfortably. “No, not really. Especially with those silver balls...” Thank heavens it’s dark, my face is flaming and my voice trails off as I recall that night. Yeah... I’d do that again. He smirks at me. “Yes, that was fun.” “More than fun,” I mutter. “So you can deal with some pain.” I shrug. “Yes, I suppose.” Oh, where is he going with this? My anxiety level has shot up several magnitudes on the Richter scale. He strokes his chin, deep in thought. “Anastasia, I want to start again. Do the vanilla thing and then maybe, once you trust me more and I trust you to be honest and to communicate with me, we could move on and do some of the things that I like to do.” I stare at him, stunned, with no thoughts in my head at all—like a computer crash. He gazes at me anxiously, but I can’t see him clearly, as we’re shrouded in the Oregon darkness. It occurs to me, finally, this is it.
He wants the light, but can I ask him to do this for me? And don’t I like the dark? Some dark, sometimes. Memories of the Thomas Tallis night drift invitingly through my mind. “But what about punishments?” “No punishments.” He shakes his head. “None.” “And the rules?” “No rules.” “None at all? But you have needs.” “I need you more, Anastasia. These last few days have been purgatory. All my instincts tell me to let you go, tell me I don’t deserve you. “Those photos the boy took . . . I can see how he sees you. You look so untroubled and beautiful, not that you’re not beautiful now, but here you sit. I see your pain. It’s hard knowing that I’m the one who has made you feel this way. “But I’m a selfish man. I’ve wanted you since you fell into my office. You are exquisite, honest, warm, strong, witty, beguilingly innocent; the list is endless. I am in awe of you. I want you, and the thought of anyone else having you is like a knife twisting in my dark soul.” My mouth goes dry. Holy shit. My subconscious nods with satisfaction. If that isn’t a declaration of love, I don’t know what is. And the words tumble out of me—a dam breached. “Christian, why do you think you have a dark soul? I would never say that. Sad maybe, but you’re a good man. I can see that... you’re generous, you’re kind, and you’ve never lied to me. And I haven’t tried very hard. “Last Saturday was such a shock to my system. It was my wake-up call. I realized that you’d been easy on me and that I couldn’t be the person you wanted me to be. Then, after I left, it dawned on me that the physical pain you inflicted was not as bad as the pain of losing you. I do want to please you, but it’s hard.” “You please me all the time,” he whispers. “How often do I have to tell you that?” “I never know what you’re thinking. Sometimes you’re so closed off... like an island state. You intimidate me. That’s why I keep quiet. I don’t know which way your mood is going to go. It swings from north to south and back again in a nanosecond. It’s confusing and you won’t let me touch you, and I want to so much to show you how much I love you.” He blinks at me in the darkness, warily I think, and I can resist him no longer. I unbuckle my seatbelt and scramble into his lap, taking him by surprise, and take his head in my hands.
“I love you, Christian Grey. And you’re prepared to do all this for me. I’m the one who is undeserving, and I’m just sorry that I can’t do all those things for you. Maybe with time... I don’t know... but yes, I accept your proposition. Where do I sign?” He snakes his arms around me and crushes me to him. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes as he buries his nose in my hair. We sit, our arms wrapped around each other, listening to the music—a soothing piano piece—mirroring the emotions in the car, the sweet tranquil calm after the storm. I snuggle into his arms, resting my head in the crook of his neck. He gently strokes my back. “Touching is a hard limit for me, Anastasia,” he whispers. “I know. I wish I understood why.” After a while, he sighs, and in a soft voice he says, “I had a horrific childhood. One of the crack whore’s pimps...” His voice trails off, and his body tenses as he recalls some unimaginable horror. “I can remember that,” he whispers, shuddering. Abruptly, my heart constricts as I remember the burn scars marring his skin. Oh, Christian. I tighten my arms around his neck. “Was she abusive? Your mother?” My voice is low and soft with unshed tears. “Not that I remember. She was neglectful. She didn’t protect me from her pimp.” He snorts. “I think it was me who looked after her. When she finally killed herself, it took four days for someone to raise the alarm and find us... I remember that.” I cannot contain my gasp of horror. Holy mother fuck. Bile rises in my throat. “That’s pretty fucked-up,” I whisper. “Fifty shades,” he murmurs. I turn my head and press my lips against his neck, seeking and offering solace as I imagine a small, dirty, gray-eyed boy lost and lonely beside the body of his dead mother. Oh, Christian. I breathe in his scent. He smells heavenly, my favorite fragrance in the entire world. He tightens his arms around me and kisses my hair, and I sit wrapped in his embrace as Taylor speeds into the night. When I wake, we’re driving through Seattle. “Hey,” Christian says softly.
“Sorry,” I murmur as I sit up, blinking and stretching. I am still in his arms, on his lap. “I could watch you sleep forever, Ana.” “Did I say anything?” “No. We’re nearly at your place.” Oh? “We’re not going to yours?” “No.” I sit up and gaze at him. “Why not?” “Because you have work tomorrow.” “Oh.” I pout. He smirks at me. “Why, did you have something in mind?” I flush. “Well, maybe.” He chuckles. “Anastasia, I am not going to touch you again, not until you beg me to.” “What!” “So that you’ll start communicating with me. Next time we make love, you’re going to have to tell me exactly what you want in fine detail.” “Oh.” He shifts me off his lap as Taylor pulls up outside my apartment. Christian climbs out and holds the car door open for me. “I have something for you.” He moves to the back of the car, opens the trunk, and pulls out a large giftwrapped box. What the hell is this? “Open it when you get inside.” “You’re not coming in?” “No, Anastasia.” “So when will I see you?” “Tomorrow.” “My boss wants me to go for a drink with him tomorrow.”
Christian’s face hardens. “Does he, now?” His voice is laced with latent menace. “To celebrate my first week,” I add quickly. “Where?” “I don’t know.” “I could pick you up from there.” “Okay... I’ll e-mail or text you.” “Good.” He walks me to the lobby door and waits while I dig my keys out of my purse. As I unlock the door, he leans forward and cups my chin, tilting my head back. His mouth hovers over mine, and closing his eyes, he runs a trail of kisses from the corner of my eye to the corner of my mouth. A small moan escapes my mouth as my insides melt and unfurl. “Until tomorrow,” he breathes. “Goodnight, Christian,” I whisper, and I hear the need in my voice. He smiles. “In you go,” he orders, and I walk through the lobby carrying my mysterious parcel. “Laters, baby,” he calls, then turns and with his easy grace, heads back to the car. Once in the apartment, I open the gift box and find my MacBook Pro laptop, the Blackberry, and another rectangular box. What is this? I unwrap the silver paper. Inside is a black, slim, leather case. Opening the case, I find an iPad. Holy shit... an iPad. A white card is resting on the screen with a message written in Christian’s handwriting: Holy cow. I have a Christian Grey mix-tape in the guise of a high-end iPad. I shake my head in disapproval because of the expense, but deep down I love it. Jack at the office has one, so I know how they work.
I switch it on and gasp as the wallpaper image appears: a small model glider. Oh my. It’s the Blanik L23 I gave him, mounted on a glass stand and sitting on what I think is Christian’s desk at his office. I gape at it. He built it! He really did build it. I remember now he mentioned it in the note with the flowers. I’m reeling, and I know in that instant that he’s put a great deal of thought into this gift. I slide the arrow at the bottom of the screen to unlock it and gasp again. The background photograph is of Christian and me at my graduation in the marquee. It’s the one that appeared in the Seattle Times. Christian looks so handsome and I can’t help my face-splitting grin, as my inner goddess curls up hugging herself on her chaise longue—Yes, and he’s mine! With a swipe of my finger, the icons shift, and several new ones appear on the next screen. A Kindle app, iBooks, Words—whatever that is. Holy shit! The British Library? I touch the icon and a menu appears: Historical Collection. Scrolling down, I select Novels of the 18th and 19th Century. Another menu. I tap on a title: The American by Henry James. A new window opens, offering me a scanned copy of the book to read. Holy crap—it’s an early edition, published in 1879, and it’s on my iPad! He’s bought me the British Library at a touch of a button. I exit quickly, knowing that I could be lost in this app for an eternity. I notice a “good food” app that makes me roll my eyes and smile at the same time, a news app, a weather app, but his note mentioned music. I go back to the main screen, hit the iPod icon and a playlist appears. I scroll through the songs, and the list makes me smile. Thomas Tallis—I’m not going to forget that in a hurry. I heard it twice, after all, while he flogged and fucked me. “Witchcraft.” My grin gets wider—dancing round the great room. The Bach Marcello piece—oh no, that’s way too sad for my mood right now. Hmm. Jeff Buckley—yeah, I’ve heard of him. Snow Patrol— my favorite band—and a song called “Principles of Lust” by Enigma. How Christian. I smirk. Another called “Possession”... oh yes, very Fifty Shades. And a few more I have never heard. Selecting a song that catches my eye, I press play. It’s called “Try” by Nellie Furtado. She starts to sing, and her voice is a silken scarf wrapping around me, enveloping me. I lie down on my bed. Does this mean Christian’s going to try? Try this new relationship? I drink in the lyrics, staring at the ceiling, trying to understand his turnaround. He missed me. I missed him. He must have some feelings for me. He must. This iPad, these songs, these apps—he cares. He really cares. My heart swells with hope. The song ends and tears spring to my eyes. I quickly scroll to another—“The Scientist” by Coldplay—one of Kate’s favorite bands. I know the track, but I’ve never really listened to the lyrics before. I close my eyes and let the words wash over and through me. My tears start to flow. I can’t stem them. If this isn’t an apology, what is it? Oh, Christian. Or is this an invitation? Will he answer my questions? Am I reading too much into this? I am probably reading too much into this. My subconscious nods at me, trying to hide her pity.
I dash my tears away. I have to e-mail him to thank him. I leap off my bed to fetch the mean machine. Coldplay continues as I sit cross-legged on my bed. The Mac powers up and I log in. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: IPAD Date: June 9, 2011 23:56 To: Christian Grey You’ve made me cry again. I love the iPad. I love the songs. I love the British Library App. I love you. Thank you. Goodnight. Ana xx From: Christian Grey Subject: iPad Date: June 10, 2011 00:03 To: Anastasia Steele I’m glad you like it. I bought one for myself. Now, if I were there, I would kiss away your tears. But I’m not—so go to sleep. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His response makes me smile, still so bossy, still so Christian. Will that change, too? And I realize in that moment that I hope not. I like him like this—commanding—as long as I can stand up to him without fear of punishment.
From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Mr. Grumpy Date: June 10, 2011 00:07 To: Christian Grey You sound your usual bossy and possibly tense, possibly grumpy self, Mr. Grey. I know something that could ease that. But then, you’re not here—you wouldn’t let me stay, and you expect me to beg... Dream on, Sir. Ana xx PS: I also note that you included the Stalker’s Anthem, “Every Breath You Take.” I do enjoy your sense of humor, but does Dr. Flynn know? From: Christian Grey Subject: Zen-Like Calm Date: June 10, 2011 00.10 To: Anastasia Steele My Dearest Miss Steele Spanking occurs in vanilla relationships, too, you know. Usually consensually and in a sexual context... but I am more than happy to make an exception. You’ll be relieved to know that Dr. Flynn also enjoys my sense of humor. Now, please go to sleep as you won’t get much tomorrow. Incidentally—you will beg, trust me. And I look forward to it. Christian Grey Tense CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Goodnight, Sweet Dreams Date: June 10, 2011 00:12
To: Christian Grey Well, since you ask so nicely, and I like your delicious threat, I shall curl up with the iPad that you have so kindly given me and fall asleep browsing in the British Library, listening to the music that says it for you. A xxx From: Christian Grey Subject: One more request Date: June 10, 2011 00:15 To: Anastasia Steele Dream of me. x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Dream of you, Christian Grey? Always. I change quickly into my pajamas, brush my teeth, and slip into bed. Putting my ear buds in, I pull the flattened Charlie Tango balloon from underneath my pillow and hug it to me. I am brimming with joy, a stupid, widemouthed grin on my face. What a difference a day can make. How am I ever going to sleep? José Gonzalez starts to sing a soothing melody with a hypnotic guitar riff, and I drift slowly into sleep, marveling how the world has righted itself in one evening and wondering idly if I should make a playlist for Christian.
The one good thing about being car-less is that on the bus on my way to work, I can plug my headphones into my iPad while it’s safely in my purse and listen to all the wonderful tunes Christian has given me. By the time I arrive at the office, I have the most ludicrous grin on my face. Jack glances up at me and does a double take. “Good morning, Ana. You look... radiant.” His remark flusters me. How inappropriate! “I slept well, thank you, Jack. Good morning.” His brow crinkles. “Can you read these for me and have reports on them by lunchtime, please?” He hands me four manuscripts. At my horrified expression, he adds, “Just first chapters.” “Sure,” I smile with relief, and he gives me a broad smile in return. I switch on the computer to start work, finishing my latte and eating a banana. There’s an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: So Help Me... Date: June 10, 2011 08:05
To: Anastasia Steele I do hope you’ve had breakfast. I missed you last night. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Old books... Date: June 10, 2011 08:33 To: Christian Grey I am eating a banana as I type. I have not had breakfast for several days, so it is a step forward. I love the British Library App—I started rereading Robinson Crusoe... and of course, I love you. Now leave me alone—I am trying to work. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Is that all you’ve eaten? Date: June 10, 2011 08:36 To: Anastasia Steele You can do better than that. You’re going to need your energy for begging. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Pest
Date: June 10, 2011 08:39 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey—I am trying to work for a living—and it’s you that will be begging. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Bring it On! Date: June 10, 2011 08:36 To: Anastasia Steele Why Miss Steele, I love a challenge... Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I sit grinning at the screen like an idiot. But I need to read these chapters for Jack and write reports on all of them. Placing the manuscripts on my desk, I begin. At lunchtime I head to the deli for a pastrami sandwich and listen to the playlist on my iPad. First up there’s Nitin Sawhney, some world music called “Homelands”—it’s good. Mr. Grey has an eclectic taste in music. I wander back, listening to a classical piece, Fantasia on a Theme of Thomas Tallis by Vaughn Williams. Oh, Fifty has a sense of humor, and I love him for it. Will this stupid grin ever leave my face? The afternoon drags. I decide, in an unguarded moment, to e-mail Christian. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Bored... Date: June 10, 2011 16:05 To: Christian Grey
Twiddling my thumbs. How are you? What are you doing? Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Your thumbs Date: June 10, 2011 16:15 To: Anastasia Steele You should have come to work for me. You wouldn’t be twiddling your thumbs. I am sure I could put them to better use. In fact I can think of a number of options... I am doing the usual humdrum mergers and acquisitions. It’s all very dry. Your e-mails at SIP are monitored. Christian Grey Distracted CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh shit. I had no idea. How the hell does he know? I scowl at the screen and quickly check the e-mails we’ve sent, deleting them as I do. Promptly at five thirty, Jack is at my desk. It is Dress-down Friday so he’s wearing jeans and a black shirt. He looks very casual. “Drink, Ana? We usually like to go for a quick one at the bar across the street.” “We?” I ask, hopeful. “Yeah, most of us go... you coming?” For some unknown reason, which I don’t want to examine too closely, relief floods through me. “I’d love to. What’s the bar called?” “50s.” “You’re kidding.”
He looks at me oddly. “No. Some significance for you?” “No, sorry. I’ll join you over there.” “What would you like to drink?” “A beer please.” “Cool.” I make my way to the powder room and e-mail Christian from the Blackberry. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: You’ll Fit Right In Date: June 10, 2011 17:36 To: Christian Grey We are going to a bar called Fifty’s. The rich seam of humor that I could mine from this is endless. I look forward to seeing you there, Mr. Grey. Ax From: Christian Grey Subject: Hazards Date: June 10, 2011 17:38 To: Anastasia Steele Mining is a very, very dangerous occupation. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele
Subject: Hazards? Date: June 10, 2011 17:40 To: Christian Grey And your point is? From: Christian Grey Subject: Merely... Date: June 10, 2011 17:42 To: Anastasia Steele Making an observation, Miss Steele. I’ll see you shortly. Sooners rather than laters, baby. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I check myself in the mirror. What a difference a day can make. I have more color in my cheeks, and my eyes are shining. It’s the Christian Grey effect. A little e-mail sparring with him will do that to a girl. I grin at the mirror and straighten my pale blue shirt—the one Taylor bought me. I am wearing my favorite jeans today, too. Most of the women in the office wear either jeans or floaty skirts. I will need to invest in a floaty skirt or two. Perhaps I’ll do that this weekend and bank the check Christian gave me for Wanda, my Beetle. As I head out of the building, I hear my name called. “Miss Steele?” I turn expectantly, and an ashen young woman approaches me cautiously. She looks like a ghost—so pale and strangely blank. “Miss Anastasia Steele?” she repeats, and her features stay static even though she’s speaking. “Yes?” She stops, staring at me from about three feet away on the sidewalk, and I stare back, immobilized. Who is she? What does she want? “Can I help you?” I ask. How does she know my name?
“No... I just wanted to look at you.” Her voice is eerily soft. Like me, she has dark hair that starkly contrasts with her fair skin. Her eyes are brown, like bourbon, but flat. There’s no life in them at all. Her beautiful face is pale, and etched with sorrow. “Sorry—you have me at a disadvantage,” I say politely, trying to ignore the warning tingle up my spine. On closer inspection, she looks odd, disheveled and uncared for. Her clothes are two sizes too big, including her designer trench coat. She laughs, a strange, discordant sound that only feeds my anxiety. “What do you have that I don’t?” she asks sadly. My anxiety turns to fear. “I’m sorry—who are you?” “Me? I’m nobody.” She lifts her arm to drag her hand through her shoulder length hair, and as she does, the sleeve of her trench coat rides up, revealing a soiled bandage around her wrist. Holy fuck. “Good day, Miss Steele.” Turning, she walks up the street as I stand rooted to the spot. I watch as her slight frame disappears from view, lost amongst the workers pouring out of their various offices. What was that about? Confused, I cross the street to the bar, trying to assimilate what has just happened, while my subconscious rears her ugly head and hisses at me—She has something to do with Christian. Fifty’s is a cavernous, impersonal bar with baseball pennants and posters hanging on the wall. Jack is at the bar with Elizabeth, Courtney the other commissioning editor, two guys from finance, and Claire from reception. She is wearing her trademark silver hooped earrings. “Hi, Ana!” Jack hands me a bottle of Bud. “Cheers... thank you,” I murmur, still shaken by my encounter with Ghost Girl. “Cheers.” We clink bottles, and he continues his conversation with Elizabeth. Claire smiles sweetly at me. “So, how has your first week been?” she asks. “Good, thank you. Everyone seems very friendly.” “You seem much happier today.” I flush. “It’s Friday,” I mutter quickly. “So—have you any plans this weekend?”
My patented distraction technique works and I’m saved. Claire turns out to be one of seven kids, and she’s going to a big family get-together in Tacoma. She becomes quite animated, and I realize I haven’t spoken to any women my own age since Kate left for Barbados. Absently I wonder how Kate is... and Elliot. I must remember to ask Christian if he’s heard from him. Oh, and Ethan her brother will be back next Tuesday, and he’ll be staying in our apartment. I can’t imagine Christian is going to be happy about that. My earlier encounter with strange Ghost Girl slips further from my mind. During my conversation with Claire, Elizabeth hands me another beer. “Thanks,” I smile at her. Claire is very easy to talk to—she likes to talk—and before I know it, I am on my third beer, courtesy of one of the guys from finance. When Elizabeth and Courtney leave, Jack joins Claire and me. Where is Christian? One of the finance guys engages Claire in conversation. “Ana, think you made the right decision coming here?” Jack’s voice is soft, and he’s standing a bit too close. But I’ve noticed that he has a tendency to do this with everyone, even at the office. My subconscious narrows her eyes. You’re reading too much into this, she admonishes me. “I’ve enjoyed myself this week, thank you, Jack. Yes, I think I made the right decision.” “You’re a very bright girl, Ana. You’ll go far.” I blush. “Thank you,” I mutter, because I don’t know what else to say. “Do you live far?” “The Pike Market district.” “Not far from me.” Smiling, he moves even closer and leans against the bar, effectively trapping me. “Do you have any plans this weekend?” “Well... um—” I feel him before I see him. It’s as if my whole body is highly attuned to his presence. It relaxes and ignites at the same time—a weird, internal duality—and I sense that strange pulsing electricity. Christian drapes his arm around my shoulder in a seemingly casual display of affection—but I know differently. He is staking a claim, and on this occasion, it’s very welcome. Softly he kisses my hair. “Hello, baby,” he murmurs.
I can’t help but feel relieved, safe, and excited with his arm around me. He draws me to his side, and I glance up at him while he stares at Jack, his expression impassive. Turning his attention to me, he gives me a brief crooked smile followed by a swift kiss. He’s wearing his navy pinstriped jacket over jeans and an open white shirt. He looks edible. Jack shuffles back uncomfortably. “Jack, this is Christian,” I mumble apologetically. Why am I apologizing? “Christian, Jack.” “I’m the boyfriend,” Christian says with a small, cool smile that doesn’t reach his eyes as he shakes Jack’s hand. I glance up at Jack who is mentally assessing the fine specimen of manhood in front of him. “I’m the boss,” Jack replies arrogantly. “Ana did mention an ex-boyfriend.” Oh, shit. You don’t want to play this game with Fifty. “Well, no longer ex,” Christian replies calmly. “Come on, baby, time to go.” “Please, stay and join us for a drink,” Jack says smoothly. I don’t think that’s a good idea. Why is this so uncomfortable? I glance at Claire, who is, of course staring, open-mouthed and with frankly carnal appreciation at Christian. When will I stop caring about the effect he has on other women? “We have plans,” Christian replies with his enigmatic smile. We do? And a frisson of anticipation runs through my body. “Another time, perhaps,” he adds. “Come,” he says to me as he takes my hand. “See you Monday.” I smile at Jack, Claire, and the guys from finance, trying hard to ignore Jack’s lessthan-pleased expression, and follow Christian out of the door. Taylor is at the wheel of the Audi waiting at the curb. “Why did that feel like a pissing contest?” I ask Christian as he opens the car door for me. “Because it was,” he murmurs and gives me his enigmatic smile then shuts my door. “Hello, Taylor,” I say and our eyes meet in the review mirror. “Miss Steele,” Taylor acknowledges with a genial smile. Christian slides in beside me, clasps my hand, and gently kisses my knuckles. “Hi,” he says softly.
My cheeks turn pink, knowing that Taylor can hear us, grateful that he can’t see the scorching, pantycombusting look that Christian is giving me. It takes all my self-restraint not to leap on him right here, in the back seat of the car. Oh, the back seat of the car... hmm. My inner goddess strokes her chin gently in quiet contemplation. “Hi,” I breathe, my mouth dry. “What would you like to do this evening?” “I thought you said we had plans.” “Oh, I know what I’d like to do, Anastasia. I’m asking you what you want to do.” I beam at him. “I see,” he says with a wickedly salacious grin. “So... begging it is, then. Do you want to beg at my place or yours?” He tilts his head to one side and smiles his oh-so-sexy smile at me. “I think you’re being very presumptuous, Mr. Grey. But by way of a change, we could go to my apartment.” I bite my lip deliberately, and his expression darkens. “Taylor, Miss Steele’s, please.” “Sir,” Taylor acknowledges and he heads off into the traffic. “So how has your day been?” he asks. “Good. Yours?” “Good, thank you.” His ridiculously broad grin reflects mine, and he kisses my hand again. “You look lovely,” he says. “As do you.” “Your boss, Jack Hyde, is he good at his job?” Whoa! That’s a sudden change in direction? I frown. “Why? This isn’t about your pissing contest?” Christian smirks. “That man wants into your panties, Anastasia,” he says dryly. I go crimson as my mouth drops open, and I glance nervously at Taylor. My subconscious inhales sharply, shocked.
“Well, he can want all he likes... why are we even having this conversation? You know I have no interest in him whatsoever. He’s just my boss.” “That’s the point. He wants what’s mine. I need to know if he’s good at his job.” I shrug. “I think so.” Where is he going with this? “Well, he’d better leave you alone, or he’ll find himself on his ass on the sidewalk.” “Oh, Christian, what are you talking about? He hasn’t done anything wrong.”...Yet. He just stands too close. “He makes one move, you tell me. It’s called gross moral turpitude—or sexual harassment.” “It was just a drink after work.” “I mean it. One move and he’s out.” “You don’t have that kind of power.” Honestly! And before I roll my eyes at him, the realization hits me with the force of a speeding freight truck. “Do you, Christian?” Christian gives me his enigmatic smile. “You’re buying the company,” I whisper in horror. His smile slips in response to the panic in my voice. “Not exactly,” he says. “You’ve bought it. SIP. Already.” He blinks at me, warily. “Possibly.” “You have or you haven’t?” “Have.” What the hell? “Why?” I gasp, appalled. Oh, this just is too much. “Because I can, Anastasia. I need you safe.” “But you said you wouldn’t interfere in my career!” “And I won’t.” I snatch my hand out of his. “Christian...” Words fail me. “Are you mad at me?”
“Yes. Of course I’m mad at you.” I seethe. “I mean, what kind of responsible business executive makes decisions based on who they are currently fucking?” I blanch and glance nervously once more at Taylor who is stoically ignoring us. Shit. What a time to have a brain-to-mouth filter malfunction. Anastasia! My subconscious glares at me. Christian opens his mouth then closes it again and scowls at me. I glare at him. The atmosphere in the car plunges from warm with sweet reunion to frigid with unspoken words and potential recriminations as we glower at each other. Fortunately, our uncomfortable car journey doesn’t last long, and Taylor pulls up outside my apartment. I scramble out of the car quickly, not waiting for anyone to open the door. I hear Christian mutter to Taylor, “I think you’d better wait here.” I sense him standing close behind me as I struggle to find the front door keys in my purse. “Anastasia,” he says calmly as if I’m some cornered wild animal. I sigh and turn to face him. I am so mad at him, my anger is palpable—a dark entity threatening to choke me. “First, I haven’t fucked you for a while—a long while, it feels—and second, I wanted to get into publishing. Of the four companies in Seattle, SIP is the most profitable, but it’s on the cusp and it’s going to stagnate—it needs to branch out.” I stare frigidly at him. His eyes are so intense, threatening even, but sexy as hell. I could get lost in their steely depths. “So you’re my boss now,” I snap. “Technically, I’m your boss’s boss’s boss.” “And, technically, it’s gross moral turpitude—the fact that I am fucking my boss’s boss’s boss.” “At the moment, you’re arguing with him.” Christian scowls. “That’s because he’s such an arse,” I hiss. Christian steps back in stunned surprise. Oh shit. Have I gone too far? “An arse?” he murmurs as his expression changes to one of amusement. Goddamn it! I am mad at you, do not make me laugh! “Yes.” I struggle to maintain my look of moral outrage.
“An arse?” Christian says again. This time his lips twitch with a repressed smile. “Don’t make me laugh when I am mad at you!” I shout. And he smiles, a dazzling, full-toothed, all-American-boy smile, and I can’t help it. I am grinning and laughing, too. How could I not be affected by the joy I see in his smile? “Just because I have a stupid damn grin on my face doesn’t mean I’m not mad as hell at you,” I mutter breathlessly, trying to suppress my high-school-cheerleader giggling. Though I was never cheerleader— the bitter thought crosses my mind. He leans in, and I think he’s going to kiss me but he doesn’t. He nuzzles my hair and inhales deeply. “As ever, Miss Steele, you are unexpected.” He leans back and gazes at me, his eyes dancing with humor. “So are you going to invite me in, or am I to be sent packing for exercising my democratic right as an American citizen, entrepreneur, and consumer to purchase whatever I damn well please?” “Have you spoken to Dr. Flynn about this?” He laughs. “Are you going to let me in or not, Anastasia?” I try for a grudging look—biting my lip helps—but I’m smiling as I open the door. Christian turns and waves to Taylor, and the Audi pulls away. It’s odd having Christian Grey in the apartment. The place feels too small for him. I am still mad at him—his stalking knows no bounds, and it dawns on me that this is how he knew about the e-mail being monitored at SIP. He probably knows more about SIP than I do. The thought is unsavory. What can I do? Why does he have this need to keep me safe? I am a grown-up—sort of—for heaven’s sake. What can I do to reassure him? I gaze at his beautiful face as he paces the room like a caged predator, and my anger subsides. Seeing him here in my space when I thought we were over is heartwarming. More than heartwarming, I love him, and my heart swells with a nervous, heady elation. He glances around, assessing his surroundings. “Nice place,” he says. “Kate’s parents bought it for her.” He nods distractedly, and his bold gray eyes come to rest on mine, staring at me. “Er... would you like a drink?” I mutter, flushing with nerves. “No, thank you, Anastasia.” His eyes darken.
Oh crap. Why am I so nervous? “What would you like to do, Anastasia?” he asks softly as he walks toward me, all feral and hot. “I know what I want to do,” he adds in a low voice. I back up until I bump against the concrete kitchen island. “I’m still mad at you.” “I know.” He smiles a lopsided apologetic smile and I melt... Well, maybe not so mad. “Would you like something to eat?” I ask. He nods slowly. “Yes. You,” he murmurs. Everything south of my waistline clenches. I’m seduced by his voice alone, but that look, that hungry I-want-you-now look—oh my. He’s standing in front of me, not quite touching, staring down into my eyes and bathing me in the heat that’s radiating off his body. I’m stiflingly hot, flustered, and my legs are like jelly as dark desire courses through me. I want him. “Have you eaten today?” he murmurs. “I had a sandwich at lunch,” I whisper. I don’t want to talk food. He narrows his eyes. “You need to eat.” “I’m really not hungry right now... for food.” “What are you hungry for, Miss Steele?” “I think you know, Mr. Grey.” He leans down, and again I think he’s going to kiss me, but he doesn’t. “Do you want me to kiss you, Anastasia?” he whispers softly in my ear. “Yes,” I breathe. “Where?” “Everywhere.” “You’re going to have to be a bit more specific than that. I told you I am not going to touch you until you beg me and tell me what to do.” My inner goddess is writhing on her chaise longue. I am lost; he’s not playing fair.
“Please,” I whisper. “Please what?” “Touch me.” “Where, baby?” He is so tantalizingly close, his scent intoxicating. I reach up, and immediately he steps back. “No, no,” he chides, his eyes suddenly wide and alarmed. “What?” No... come back. “No.” He shakes his head. “Not at all?” I can’t keep the longing out of my voice. He looks at me uncertainly, and I’m emboldened by his hesitation. I step toward him, and he steps back, holding up his hands in defense, but smiling. “Look, Ana.” It’s a warning, and he runs his hand through his hair, exasperated. “Sometimes you don’t mind,” I observe plaintively. “Perhaps I should find a marker pen, and we could map out the no-go areas.” He raises an eyebrow. “That’s not a bad idea. Where’s your bedroom?” I nod in the direction. Is he deliberately changing the subject? “Have you been taking your pill?” Oh shit. My pill. His face falls at my expression. “No,” I squeak. “I see,” he says, and his lips press into a thin line. “Come, let’s have something to eat.” Oh no! “I thought we were going to bed! I want to go to bed with you.” “I know, baby.” He smiles, and suddenly darting toward me, he grabs my wrists and pulls me into his arms so that his body is pressed against mine.
“You need to eat and so do I,” he murmurs, burning gray eyes gazing down at me. “Besides... anticipation is the key to seduction, and right now, I’m really into delayed gratification.” Huh, since when? “I’m seduced and I want my gratification now. I’ll beg, please.” I sound whiney. My inner goddess is beside herself. He smiles at me tenderly. “Eat. You’re too slender.” He kisses my forehead and releases me. This is a game, part of some evil plan. I scowl at him. “I’m still mad that you bought SIP, and now I am mad at you because you’re making me wait.” I pout. “You are one angry little madam, aren’t you? You’ll feel better after a good meal.” “I know what I’ll feel better after.” “Anastasia Steele, I’m shocked.” His tone is gently mocking. “Stop teasing me. You don’t fight fair.” He stifles his grin by biting his lower lip. He looks simply adorable... playful Christian toying with my libido. If only my seduction skills were better, I’d know what to do, but not being able to touch him does hamper me. My inner goddess narrows her eyes and looks thoughtful. We need to work on this. As Christian and I gaze at each other—me hot, bothered and yearning and him, relaxed and amusedat my expense—I realize I have no food in the apartment. “I could cook something—except we’ll have to go shopping.” “Shopping?” “For groceries.” “You have no food here?” His expression hardens. I shake my head. Crap, he looks quite angry. “Let’s go shopping, then,” he says sternly as he turns on his heel and heads for the door, opening it wide for me. “When was the last time you were in a supermarket?” Christian looks out of place, but he follows me dutifully, holding a shopping basket.
“I can’t remember.” “Does Mrs. Jones do all the shopping?” “I think Taylor helps her. I’m not sure.” “Are you happy with a stir-fry? It’s quick.” “Stir-fry sounds good.” Christian grins, no doubt figuring out my ulterior motive for a speedy meal. “Have they worked for you long?” “Taylor, four years, I think. Mrs. Jones about the same. Why didn’t you have any food in the apartment?” “You know why,” I murmur, flushing. “It was you who left me,” he mutters disapprovingly. “I know,” I reply in a small voice, not wanting that reminder. We reach the checkout and silently stand in line. If I hadn’t left, would he have offered the vanilla alternative? I wonder idly. “Do you have anything to drink?” He pulls me back to the present. “Beer... I think.” “I’ll get some wine.” Oh dear. I’m not sure what sort of wine is available in Ernie’s Supermarket. Christian remerges empty handed, grimacing with a look of disgust. “There’s a good liquor store next door,” I say quickly. “I’ll see what they have.” Maybe we should just go to his place, then we wouldn’t have all this hassle. I watch as he strolls purposefully and with easy grace out of the door. Two women coming in stop and stare. Oh yes, eye my Fifty Shades, I think despondently. I want the memory of him in my bed, but he’s playing hard to get. Maybe I should, too. My inner goddess nods frantically in agreement. And as I stand in line, we come up with a plan. Hmm... Christian carries the grocery bags into the apartment. He’s carried them as we’ve walked back to the apartment from the store. He looks odd. Not his usual CEO demeanor at all.
“You look very—domestic.” “No one has ever accused me of that before,” he says dryly. He places the bags on the kitchen island. As I start to unload them, he takes out a bottle of white wine and searches for a corkscrew. “This place is still new to me. I think the opener is in that drawer there.” I point with my chin. This feels so... normal. Two people, getting to know each other, having a meal. Yet it’s so strange. The fear that I’d always felt in his presence has gone. We’ve already done so much together, I blush just thinking about it, and yet I hardly know him. “What are you thinking about?” Christian interrupts my reverie as he shrugs out of his pinstripe jacket and places it on the couch. “How little I know you, really.” He gazes at me and his eyes soften. “You know me better than anyone.” “I don’t think that’s true.” Mrs. Robinson comes unbidden, and very unwelcome, into my mind. “It is, Anastasia. I am a very, very private person.” He hands me a glass of white wine. “Cheers,” he says. “Cheers,” I respond taking a sip as he puts the bottle in the fridge. “Can I help you with that?” he asks. “No it’s fine... sit.” “I’d like to help.” His expression is sincere. “You can chop the vegetables.” “I don’t cook,” he says, regarding the knife I hand him with suspicion. “I imagine you don’t need to.” I place a chopping board and some red peppers in front of him. He stares down at them in confusion. “You’ve never chopped a vegetable?” “No.” I smirk at him.
“Are you smirking at me?” “It appears this is something that I can do and you can’t. Let’s face it, Christian, I think this is a first. Here, I’ll show you.” I brush up against him and he steps back. My inner goddess sits up and takes notice. “Like this.” I slice the red pepper, careful to remove the seeds. “Looks simple enough.” “You shouldn’t have any trouble with it,” I mutter ironically. He gazes at me impassively for a moment then sets about his task as I continue to prepare the diced chicken. He starts to slice, carefully, slowly. Oh my, we’ll be here all day. I wash my hands and hunt for the wok, the oil, and the other ingredients I need, repeatedly brushing against him—my hip, my arm, my back, my hands. Small, seemingly innocent touches. He stills each time I do. “I know what you’re doing, Anastasia,” he murmurs darkly, still preparing the first pepper. “I think it’s called cooking,” I say, fluttering my eyelashes. Grabbing another knife, I join him at the chopping board peeling and slicing garlic, shallots, and French beans, continually bumping against him. “You’re quite good at this,” he mutters as he starts on his second red pepper. “Chopping?” I bat my eyelashes at him. “Years of practice.” I brush against him again, this time with my behind. He stills once more. “If you do that again, Anastasia, I am going to take you on the kitchen floor.” Oh, wow. It’s working. “You’ll have to beg me first.” “Is that a challenge?” “Maybe.” He puts down his knife and saunters slowly over to me, his eyes burning. Leaning past me, he switches the gas off. The oil in the wok quiets almost immediately. “I think we’ll eat later,” he says. “Put the chicken in the fridge.” This is not a sentence I had ever expected to hear from Christian Grey, and only he can make it sound hot, really hot. I pick up the bowl of diced chicken, rather shakily place a plate on top of it, and stow it in the fridge. When I turn back, he’s beside me.
“So you’re going to beg?” I whisper, bravely gazing into his darkening eyes. “No, Anastasia.” He shakes his head. “No begging.” His voice is soft, seductive. And we stand staring at each other, drinking each other in—the atmosphere charging between us, almost crackling, neither saying anything, just looking. I bite my lip as desire for this beautiful man seizes me with a vengeance, igniting my blood, shallowing my breath, pooling below my waist. I see my reactions reflected in his stance, in his eyes. In a beat, he grabs me by my hips and pulls me to him as my hands reach for his hair and his mouth claims me. He pushes me against the fridge, and I hear the vague protesting rattle of bottles and jars from within as his tongue finds mine. I moan into his mouth, and one of his hands moves into my hair, pulling my head back as we kiss, savagely. “What do you want, Anastasia?” he breathes. “You.” I gasp. “Where?” “Bed.” He breaks free, scoops me into his arms, and carries me quickly and seemingly without any strain into my bedroom. Setting me on my feet beside my bed, he leans down and switches on my bedside lamp. He glances quickly round the room and hastily closes the pale cream curtains. “Now what?” he says softly. “Make love to me.” “How?” Jeez. “You have got to tell me, baby.” Holy crap. “Undress me.” I am panting already. He smiles and hooks his index finger into my open shirt, pulling me toward him. “Good girl,” he murmurs, and without taking his blazing eyes off mine, slowly starts to unbutton my shirt. Tentatively I put my hands on his arms to steady myself. He doesn’t complain. His arms are a safe area. When he’s finished with the buttons, he pulls my shirt over my shoulders, and I let go of him to let the shirt fall to the floor. He reaches down to the waistband of my jeans, pops the button, and pulls down the zipper.
“Tell me what you want, Anastasia.” His eyes smolder and his lips part as he takes quick shallow breaths. “Kiss me from here to here,” I whisper trailing my finger from the base of my ear, down my throat. He smoothes my hair out of the line of fire and bends, leaving sweet soft kisses along the path my finger took and then back again. “My jeans and panties,” I murmur, and he smiles against my throat before he drops to his knees in front of me. Oh, I feel so powerful. Hooking his thumbs into my jeans, he gently pulls them and my panties down my legs. I step out of my pumps and my clothes so that I’m left wearing only my bra. He stops and looks up at me expectantly, but he doesn’t get up. “What now, Anastasia?” “Kiss me,” I whisper. “Where?” “You know where.” “Where?” Oh, he’s taking no prisoners. Embarrassed I quickly point at the apex of my thighs, and he grins wickedly. I close my eyes, mortified, but at the same time beyond aroused. “Oh, with pleasure,” he chuckles. He kisses me and unleashes his tongue, his joy-inspiring expert tongue. I groan and fist my hands into his hair. He doesn’t stop, his tongue circling my clitoris, driving me insane, on and on, round and round. Ahhh... it’s only been... how long...? Oh... “Christian, please,” I beg. I don’t want to come standing up. I don’t have the strength. “Please what, Anastasia?” “Make love to me.” “I am,” he murmurs, gently blowing against me. “No. I want you inside me.” “Are you sure?” “Please.” He doesn’t stop his sweet, exquisite torture. I moan loudly. “Christian... please.” He stands and gazes down at me, and his lips glisten with the evidence of my arousal.
Holy cow... “Well?” he asks. “Well what?” I pant, staring up at him in frantic need. “I’m still dressed.” I gape at him in confusion. Undress him? Yes, I can do this. I reach for his shirt and he steps back. “Oh no,” he admonishes. Shit, he means his jeans. Oh, and this gives me an idea. My inner goddess cheers loudly to the rafters, and I drop to my knees in front of him. Rather clumsily and with shaking fingers, I undo his waistband and fly, then yank down his jeans and boxers, and he springs free. Wow. I peek up at him through my lashes, and he’s gazing at me with... what? Trepidation? Awe? Surprise? He steps out of his jeans and pulls off his socks, and I take hold of him in my hand and squeeze tightly, pushing my hand back like he’s shown me before. He groans and tenses, and his breath hisses through clenched teeth. Very tentatively, I put him in my mouth and suck—hard. Mmm, he tastes good. “Ahh. Ana... whoa, gently.” He cups my head tenderly, and I push him deeper into my mouth, pressing my lips together as tightly as I can, sheathing my teeth, and sucking hard. “Fuck,” he hisses. Oh, that’s a good, inspiring, sexy sound, so I do it again, pulling his length deeper, swirling my tongue around the end. Hmm... I feel like Aphrodite. “Ana, that’s enough. No more.” I do it again—Beg, Grey, beg—and again. “Ana, you’ve made your point,” he grunts through gritted teeth. “I do not want to come in your mouth.” I do it once more, and he bends down, grasps me by my shoulders, hauls me to my feet, and tosses me on the bed. Dragging his shirt over his head, he then reaches down to his discarded jeans, and like a good boy scout, produces a foil packet. He’s panting, like me. “Take your bra off,” he orders. I sit up and do as I’m told.
“Lie down. I want to look at you.” I lie down, gazing up at him as he slowly rolls the condom on. I want him so badly. He stares down at me and licks his lips. “You are a fine sight, Anastasia Steele.” He bends over the bed and slowly crawls up and over me, kissing me as he goes. He kisses each of my breasts and teases my nipples in turn, while I groan and writhe beneath him, and he doesn’t stop. No... Stop. I want you. “Christian, please.” “Please what?” he murmurs between my breasts. “I want you inside me.” “Do you now?” “Please.” Gazing at me, he pushes my legs apart with his and moves so that he’s hovering above me. Without taking his eyes off mine, he sinks into me at a deliciously slow pace. I close my eyes, relishing the fullness, the exquisite feeling of his possession, instinctively tilting my pelvis up to meet him, to join with him, groaning loudly. He eases back and very slowly fills me again. My fingers find their way into his silken unruly hair, and he oh-so-slowly moves in and out again. “Faster, Christian, faster... please.” He gazes down at me in triumph and kisses me hard, then really starts to move—holy cow, a punishing, relentless... oh fuck—and I know it will not be long. He sets a pounding rhythm. I start to quicken, my legs tensing beneath him. “Come on, baby,” he gasps. “Give it to me.” His words are my undoing, and I explode, magnificently, mind-numbingly, into a million pieces around him, and he follows calling out my name. “Ana! Oh fuck, Ana!” He collapses on top of me, his head buried in my neck.
As sanity returns, I open my eyes and gaze up into the face of the man I love. Christian’s expression is soft, tender. He strokes his nose against mine, bearing his weight on his elbows, his hands holding mine by the side of my head. Sadly, I suspect that’s so I don’t touch him. He plants a gentle kiss on my lips as he eases himself out of me. “I’ve missed this,” he breathes. “Me too,” I whisper. He takes hold of my chin and kisses me hard. A passionate, beseeching kiss, asking for what? I don’t know. It leaves me breathless. “Don’t leave me again,” he implores, looking deep into my eyes, his face serious. “Okay,” I whisper and smile at him. His answering smile is dazzling; relief, elation, and boyish delight combined into one enchanting look that would melt the coldest of hearts. “Thank you for the iPad.” “You are most welcome, Anastasia.” “What’s your favorite song on there?” “Now that would be telling.” He grins. “Come cook me some food, wench. I’m famished,” he adds, sitting up suddenly and dragging me with him. “Wench?” I giggle. “Wench. Food, now, please.”
“Since you ask so nicely, sire, I’ll get right on to it.” As I scramble out of bed, I dislodge my pillow, revealing the deflated helicopter balloon underneath. Christian reaches for it and gazes up at me, puzzled. “That’s my balloon,” I say, feeling proprietary as I reach for my robe and wrap it round myself. Oh jeez... why did he have to find that? “In your bed?” he murmurs. “Yes,” I flush. “It’s been keeping me company.” “Lucky Charlie Tango,” he says, in surprise. Yes, I’m sentimental, Grey, because I love you. “My balloon,” I say again and turn on my heel and head out to the kitchen, leaving him grinning from ear to ear. Christian and I sit on Kate’s persian rug, eating stir-fry chicken and noodles from white china bowls with chopsticks and sipping chilled white Pinot Grigio. Christian leans against the couch, his long legs stretched out in front of him. He’s wearing his jeans and his shirt with his just-fucked hair, and that’s all. The Buena Vista Social Club croons softly in the background from Christian’s iPod. “This is good,” he says appreciatively as he digs into his food. I sit cross-legged beside him, eating greedily, beyond hungry, and admire his naked feet. “I usually do all the cooking. Kate isn’t a great cook.” “Did you your mother teach you?” “Not really,” I scoff. “By the time I was interested in learning, my mom was living with Husband Number Three in Mansfield, Texas. And Ray, well, he would’ve lived on toast and takeout if it wasn’t for me.” Christian gazes down at me. “You didn’t stay in Texas with your mom?” “No. Steve, her husband and I, we didn’t get along. And I missed Ray. Her marriage to Steve didn’t last long. She came to her senses, I think. She never talks about him,” I add quietly. I think that’s a dark part of her life, which we’ve never discussed. “So you came back to Washington to live with your stepfather.” “Yes.” “Sounds like you looked after him,” he says softly.
“I suppose.” I shrug. “You’re used to taking care of people.” The edge in his voice attracts my attention, and I glance up at him. “What is it?” I ask, startled by his wary expression. “I want to take care of you.” His luminous eyes glow with some unnamed emotion. My heart rate spikes. “I’ve noticed,” I whisper. “You just go about it in a strange way.” His brow creases. “It’s the only way I know how,” he says quietly. “I’m still mad at you for buying SIP.” He smiles. “I know but you being mad, baby, wouldn’t stop me.” “What am I going to say to my work colleagues, to Jack?” He narrows his eyes. “That fucker better watch himself.” “Christian!” I admonish. “He’s my boss.” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard line. He looks like a recalcitrant schoolboy. “Don’t tell them,” he says. “Don’t tell them what?” “That I own it. The heads of agreement was signed yesterday. The news is embargoed for four weeks while the management at SIP makes some changes.” “Oh... will I be out of a job?” I ask, alarmed. “I sincerely doubt it,” Christian says wryly, trying to stifle his smile. I scowl. “If I leave and find another job, will you buy that company, too?” “You’re not thinking of leaving, are you?” His expression alters, wary once more. “Possibly. I’m not sure you’ve given me a great deal of choice.” “Yes, I will buy that company, too.” He is adamant.
I scowl at him again. I am in a no-win situation here. “Don’t you think you’re being a tad overprotective?” “Yes. I am fully aware of how this looks.” “Paging Dr. Flynn,” I murmur. He puts down his empty bowl and gazes at me impassively. I sigh. I don’t want to fight. Standing up, I reach for his bowl. “Would you like dessert?” “Now you’re talking!” he says, giving me a lascivious grin. “Not me.” Why not me? My inner goddess wakes from her doze and sits upright, all ears. “We have ice cream. Vanilla.” I snicker. “Really?” Christian’s grin gets bigger. “I think we could do something with that.” What? I stare at him dumbfounded as he gracefully gets to his feet. “Can I stay?” he asks. “What do you mean?” “The night.” “I assumed that you were.” I flush. “Good. Where’s the ice cream?” “In the oven.” I smile sweetly at him. He cocks his head to one side, sighs, and shakes his head at me. “Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, Miss Steele.” His eyes glitter. Oh shit. What’s he planning? “I could still take you across my knee.” I place the bowls in the sink. “Do you have those silver ball things?” He pats his hands down his chest, belly, and the pockets of his jeans. “Funnily enough, I don’t carry a spare set around with me. Not much call for them in the office.” “I am very glad to hear it, Mr. Grey, and I thought you said that sarcasm was the lowest form of wit.”
“Well, Anastasia, my new motto is if you can’t beat ‘em, join ‘em.” I gape at him—I can’t believe he’s just said that—and he looks sickeningly pleased with himself as he grins at me. Turning, he opens the freezer and takes out the carton of Ben & Jerry’s finest vanilla. “This will do just fine.” He looks up at me, eyes dark. “Ben & Jerry’s & Ana.” He says each word slowly, enunciating every syllable clearly. Oh fucking my. I think my lower jaw is on the floor. He opens the cutlery drawer and grabs a spoon. When he looks up, his are eyes hooded, and his tongue skims his top teeth. Oh, that tongue. I feel winded. Desire, dark, sleek, and wanton runs hot through my veins. We’re going to have fun, with food. “I hope you’re warm,” he whispers. “I’m going to cool you down with this. Come.” He holds out his hand, and I place mine in his. In my bedroom he places the ice cream on my bedside table, pulls the duvet off the bed, and removes both the pillows, placing them all in a pile on the floor. “You have a change of sheets, don’t you?” I nod, watching him, fascinated. He holds up Charlie Tango. “Don’t mess with my balloon,” I warn. His lips quirk upward in half a smile. “Wouldn’t dream of it, baby, but I do want to mess with you and these sheets.” My body practically convulses. “I want to tie you up.” Oh. “Okay,” I whisper. “Just your hands. To the bed. I need you still.” “Okay,” I whisper again, incapable of anything more. He strolls over to me, not taking his eyes off mine. “We’ll use this.” He takes hold of my robe sash and with delicious, teasing slowness, releases the bow, and gently pulls it free of the garment. My robe falls open while I stand paralyzed under his heated gaze. After a moment, he pushes the robe off my shoulders. It falls and pools at my feet so that I’m standing naked before him. He strokes my face
with the backs of his knuckles, and his touch resonates in the depths of my groin. Bending, he kisses my lips briefly. “Lie on the bed, face up,” he murmurs, his eyes darkening, burning into mine. I do as I’m told. My room is shrouded in darkness except for the soft, insipid light from my lamp. Normally, I hate energy-saving bulbs—they are so dim—but being naked here, with Christian, I’m grateful for the muted light. He stands by the bed gazing down at me. “I could look at you all day, Anastasia,” he says, and with that crawls on to the bed, up my body, and straddles me. “Arms above your head,” he commands. I comply and he fastens the end of my robe sash round my left wrist and threads the end through the metal bars at the head of my bed. He pulls it tight so my left arm is flexed above me. He then secures my right hand, tying the sash tightly. When I’m tied-up, staring at him, he visibly relaxes. He likes me tethered. I can’t touch him this way. It occurs to me that none of his subs would have touched him either—and what’s more, they would never have the opportunity to. He would have always been in control and at a distance. That’s why he likes his rules. He climbs off me and bends to give me a quick peck on the lips. Then he stands and lifts his shirt over his head. He undoes his jeans and drops them to the floor. He is gloriously naked. My inner goddess is doing a triple axel dismount off the uneven bars, and abruptly my mouth is dry. He really is beyond beautiful. He has a physique drawn on classical lines: broad muscular shoulders, narrow hips, the inverted triangle. He obviously works out. I could look at him all day. He moves to the end of the bed and grasps my ankles, pulling me swiftly and sharply downward so that my arms are stretched out and unable to move. “That’s better,” he mutters. Picking up the tub of ice cream, he climbs smoothly back onto the bed to straddle me once more. Very slowly, he peels off the lid of the tub and dips the spoon in. “Hmm... it’s still quite hard,” he says with a raised brow. Scooping out a spoonful of the vanilla, he pops it into his mouth. “Delicious,” he murmurs, licking his lips. “Amazing how good plain old vanilla can taste.” He gazes down at me and smirks. “Want some?” he teases. He looks so freaking hot, young and carefree—sitting on me and eating from a tub of ice cream—eyes bright, face luminous. Oh what the hell is he going to do to me? As if I can’t tell. I nod, shyly. He scoops out another spoonful and offers me the spoon, so I open my mouth, then he quickly pops it in his mouth again.
“This is too good to share,” he says, smiling wickedly. “Hey,” I start in protest. “Why, Miss Steele, do you like your vanilla?” “Yes,” I say more forcefully than I mean and try in vain to buck him off. He laughs. “Getting feisty, are we? I wouldn’t do that if I were you.” “Ice cream,” I plead. “Well, as you’ve pleased me so much today, Miss Steele.” He relents and offers me another spoonful. This time he lets me eat it. I want to giggle. He’s really enjoying himself, and his good humor is infectious. He scoops another spoonful and feeds me some more, then he does it again. Okay, enough. “Hmm, well, this is one way to ensure you eat—force-feed you. I could get used to this.” Taking another spoonful, he offers me more. This time I keep my mouth shut and shake my head, and he lets it slowly melt on the spoon so that the melted ice cream drips, onto my throat, onto my chest. He dips down and very slowly licks it off. My body lights up with longing. “Mmm. Tastes even better off you, Miss Steele.” I pull against my restraints and the bed creaks ominously, but I don’t care—I’m burning with desire, it’s consuming me. He takes another spoonful and lets the ice cream dribble onto my breasts. Then with the back of the spoon, he spreads it over each breast and nipple. Oh... it’s cold. Each nipple peaks and hardens beneath the cool of the vanilla. “Cold?” Christian asks softly and bends to lick and suckle all the ice cream off me once more, his mouth hot compared to the cool of the ice. Oh my. It’s torture. As it starts to melt, the ice cream runs off me in rivulets on to the bed. His lips continue their slow torture, sucking hard, nuzzling, softly—Oh please!—I’m panting. “Want some?” And before I can confirm or deny his offer, his tongue is in my mouth, and it’s cold and skilled and tastes of Christian and vanilla. Delicious. And just as I am getting used to the sensation, he sits up again and trails a spoonful of ice cream down the center of my body, across my stomach, and into my navel where he deposits a large dollop of ice cream. Oh, this is chillier than before, but weirdly it burns.
“Now, you’ve done this before.” Christian’s eyes shine. “You’re going to have to stay still, or there will be ice cream all over the bed.” He kisses each of my breasts and sucks each of my nipples hard, then follows the line of ice cream down my body, sucking and licking as he goes. And I try, I try to stay still despite the heady combination of cold and his inflaming touch. But my hips start to move involuntarily, gyrating to their own rhythm, caught up in his cool vanilla spell. He shifts lower and starts eating the ice cream in my belly, swirling his tongue into and around my navel. I moan. Holy cow. It’s cold, it’s hot, it’s tantalizing, but he doesn’t stop. He trails the ice cream further down my body, into my pubic hair, on to my clitoris. I cry out, loudly. “Hush now,” Christian says softly as his magical tongue sets to work lapping up the vanilla, and now I’m keening quietly. “Oh... please... Christian.” “I know, baby, I know,” he breathes as his tongue works its magic. He doesn’t stop, just doesn’t stop, and my body is climbing—higher, higher. He slips one finger inside me, then another and he moves them with agonizing slowness in and out. “Just here,” he murmurs, and he rhythmically strokes the front wall of my vagina while he continues the exquisite, relentless licking and sucking. Holy fucking cow. I erupt unexpectedly into a mind-blowing orgasm that stuns all my senses, obliterating all that’s happening outside of my body as I writhe and groan. Jeez, that was so quick. I am vaguely aware that he has stopped his ministrations. He’s hovering over me, sliding on a condom, and then he’s inside me, hard and fast. “Oh yes!” He groans as he slams into me. He’s sticky—the residual melted ice cream spreading between us. It’s a strangely distracting sensation, but one I can’t dwell on for more than a few seconds as Christian suddenly pulls out of me and flips me over. “This way,” he murmurs and abruptly is inside me once more, but he doesn’t start his usual punishing rhythm straight away. He leans over, releases my hands, and pulls me upright so I am practically sitting on him. His hands move up to my breasts, and he palms them both, tugging gently on my nipples. I groan, tossing my head back against his shoulder. He nuzzles my neck, biting down, as he flexes his hips, deliciously slowly, filling me again and again. “Do you know how much you mean to me?” he breathes against my ear. “No,” I gasp. He smiles against my neck, and his fingers curl around my jaw and throat, holding me fast for a moment. “Yes, you do. I’m not going to let you go.”
I groan as he picks up speed. “You are mine, Anastasia.” “Yes, yours,” I pant. “I take care of what’s mine,” he hisses and bites my ear. I cry out. “That’s right, baby, I want to hear you.” He snakes one hand around my waist while his other hand grasps my hip, and he pushes into me harder, making me cry out again. And the punishing rhythm starts. His breathing grows harsher and harsher, ragged, matching mine. I feel the familiar quickening deep inside. Jeez again! I am just sensation. This is what he does to me—takes my body and possesses it wholly so that I think of nothing but him. His magic is powerful, intoxicating. I’m a butterfly caught in his net, unable and unwilling to escape. I’m his... totally his. “Come on, baby,” he growls through gritted teeth and on cue, like the sorcerer’s apprentice I am, I let go, and we find our release together. I am lying curled up in his arms on sticky sheets. His front is pressed to my back, his nose in my hair. “What I feel for you frightens me,” I whisper. He stills. “Me too, baby,” he says quietly. “What if you leave me?” The thought is horrific. “I’m not going anywhere. I don’t think I could ever have my fill of you, Anastasia.” I turn and gaze at him. His expression is serious, sincere. I lean over and kiss him gently. He smiles and reaches up to tuck my hair behind my ear. “I’ve never felt the way I felt when you left, Anastasia. I would move heaven and earth to avoid feeling like that again.” He sounds so sad, dazed even. I kiss him again. I want to lighten our mood somehow, but Christian does it for me. “Will you come with me to my father’s summer party tomorrow? It’s an annual charity thing. I said I’d go.” I smile, feeling suddenly shy. “Of course I’ll come.” Oh shit. I have nothing to wear.
“What?” “Nothing.” “Tell me,” he insists. “I have nothing to wear.” Christian looks momentarily uncomfortable. “Don’t be mad, but I still have all those clothes for you at home. I am sure there are a couple of dresses in there.” I purse my lips. “Do you, now?” I mutter, my voice sardonic. I don’t want to fight with him tonight. I need a shower. The girl who looks like me is standing outside SIP. Hang on—she is me. I am pale and unwashed, and all my clothes are too big; I’m staring at her, and she’s wearing my clothes—happy, healthy. “What do you have that I don’t?” I ask her. “Who are you?” “I’m nobody... Who are you? Are you nobody, too...?” “Then there’s a pair of us—don’t tell, they’d banish us, you know...”[1] [1] Emily Dickinson, “I’m Nobody! Who are you?” first stanza. She smiles, a slow, evil grimace that spreads across her face, and it’s so chilling that I start to scream. “Jesus, Ana!” Christian is shaking me awake. I am so disorientated. I’m at home... in the dark... in bed with Christian. I shake my head, trying to clear my mind. “Baby, are you okay? You were having a bad dream.” “Oh.” He switches on the lamp so we’re bathed in its dim light. He gazes down at me, his face etched with concern. “The girl,” I whisper.
“What is it? What girl?” he asks soothingly. “There was a girl outside SIP when I left this evening. She looked like me... but not really.” Christian stills, and as the light from the bedside lamp warms up, I see his face is ashen. “When was this?” he whispers, dismayed. He sits up, staring down at me. “When I left this afternoon. Do you know who she is?” “Yes.” He runs a hand through his hair. “Who?” His mouth presses into a hard line, but he says nothing. “Who?” I press. “It’s Leila.” I swallow. The ex-sub! I remember Christian talking about her before we went gliding. Suddenly, he’s radiating tension. Something is going on. “The girl who put ‘Toxic’ on your iPod?” He glances at me anxiously. “Yes,” he says. “Did she say anything?” “She said, ‘what do you have that I don’t have?’ and when I asked who she was, she said, ‘nobody.’ ” Christian closes his eyes as if in pain. Oh no. What’s happened? What does she mean to him? My scalp prickles as adrenaline spikes through my body. What if she means a lot to him? Perhaps he misses her? I know so little about his past... um, relationships. She must have had a contract, and she would have done what he wanted, given him what he needed gladly. Oh no—when I can’t. The thought makes me nauseous. Climbing out of bed, Christian drags on his jeans and heads into the main room. A glance at my alarm clock shows it’s five in the morning. I roll out of bed, putting his white shirt on, and follow him. Holy shit, he’s on the phone. “Yes, outside SIP, yesterday... early evening,” he says quietly. He turns to me as I move toward the kitchen and asks me directly, “What time exactly?”
“About ten to six?” I mumble. Who on earth is he calling at this hour? What’s Leila done? He relays the information to whoever’s on the line, not taking his eyes off me, his expression dark and earnest. “Find out how... Yes... I wouldn’t have said so, but then I wouldn’t have thought she could do this.” He closes his eyes as if he’s in pain. “I don’t know how that will go down... Yes, I’ll talk to her... Yes... I know... Follow it up and let me know. Just find her, Welch—she’s in trouble. Find her.” He hangs up. “Do you want some tea?” I ask. Tea, Ray’s answer to every crisis and the only thing he does well in the kitchen. I fill the kettle with water. “Actually, I’d like to go back to bed.” His look tells me that it’s not to sleep. “Well, I need some tea. Would you like to join me for a cup?” I want to know what’s going on. I will not be sidetracked by sex. He runs his hand through his hair in exasperation. “Yes, please,” he says, but I can tell he’s irritated. I put the kettle on the stove and busy myself with teacups and the teapot. My anxiety level has shot to defcon one. Is he going to tell me the problem? Or am I going to have to dig? I sense his eyes on me—sense his uncertainty, and his anger is palpable. I glance up, and his eyes glitter with apprehension. “What is it?” I ask softly. He shakes his head. “You’re not going to tell me?” He sighs and closes his eyes. “No.” “Why?” “Because it shouldn’t concern you. I don’t want you tangled up in this.” “It shouldn’t concern me, but it does. She found me and accosted me outside my office. How does she know about me? How does she know where I work? I think I have a right to know what’s going on.” He runs a hand through his hair again, radiating frustration as if waging some internal battle. “Please?” I ask softly. His mouth sets into a hard line, and he rolls his eyes at me. “Okay,” he says, resigned. “I have no idea how she found you. Maybe the photograph of us in Portland, I don’t know.” He sighs again, and I sense his frustration is directed at himself.
I wait patiently, pouring boiling water into the teapot as he paces back and forth. After a beat he continues. “While I was with you in Georgia, Leila turned up at my apartment unannounced and made a scene in front of Gail.” “Gail?” “Mrs. Jones.” “What do you mean, ‘made a scene’?” He glares at me, appraising. “Tell me. You’re keeping something back.” My tone is more forceful than I feel. He blinks at me, surprised. “Ana, I—” he stops. “Please?” He sighs in defeat. “She made a haphazard attempt to open a vein.” “Oh no!” That explains the bandage on her wrist. “Gail got her to hospital. But Leila discharged herself before I could get there.” Crap. What does this mean? Suicidal? Why? “The shrink who saw her called it a typical cry for help. He didn’t believe her to be truly at risk—one step from suicidal ideation, he called it. But I’m not convinced. I’ve been trying to track her down since then to get her some help.” “Did she say anything to Mrs. Jones?” He gazes at me. He looks really uncomfortable. “Not much,” he says eventually, but I know he’s not telling me everything. I distract myself with pouring tea into teacups. So Leila wants back into Christian’s life and chooses a suicide attempt to attract his attention? Whoa... scary. But effective. Christian left Georgia to be at her side, but she disappears before he gets there? How odd. “You can’t find her? What about her family?” “They don’t know where she is. Neither does her husband.” “Husband?”
“Yes,” he says distractedly, “she’s been married for about two years.” What? “So she was with you while she was married?” Holy fuck. He really has no boundaries. “No! Good God, no. She was with me nearly three years ago. Then she left and married this guy shortly afterward.” Oh. “So why is she trying to get your attention now?” He shakes his head sadly. “I don’t know. All we’ve managed to find out is that she ran out on her husband about four months ago.” “Let me get this straight. She hasn’t been your submissive for three years?” “About two and a half years.” “And she wanted more.” “Yes.” “But you didn’t?” “You know this.” “So she left you.” “Yes.” “So why is she coming to you now?” “I don’t know.” And the tone of this voice tells me that he at least has a theory. “But you suspect...” His eyes narrow perceptibly with anger. “I suspect it has something to do with you.” Me? What would she want with me? “What do you have that I don’t?” I stare at Fifty, magnificently naked from the waist up. I have him; he’s mine. That’s what I have, and yet she looked like me: same dark hair and pale skin. I frown at the thought. Yes... what do I have that she doesn’t? “Why didn’t you tell me yesterday?” he asks softly. “I forgot about her.” I shrug apologetically. “You know, drinks after work, at the end of my first week. You turning up at the bar and your... testosterone rush with Jack, and then when we were here. It slipped my mind. You have a habit of making me forget things.”
“Testosterone rush?” His lips twitch. “Yes. The pissing contest.” “I’ll show you a testosterone rush.” “Wouldn’t you rather have a cup of tea?” “No, Anastasia, I wouldn’t.” His eyes burn into me, scorching me with his I-want-you-and-I-want-you-now look. Fuck... it’s so hot. “Forget about her. Come.” He holds out his hand. My inner goddess does three back flips over the gym floor as I grasp his hand. I wake, too warm, and I’m wrapped around a naked Christian Grey. Even though he’s fast asleep, he’s holding me close. Soft morning light filters through the curtains. My head is on his chest, my leg tangled with his, my arm across his stomach. I raise my head slightly, scared that I might wake him. He looks so young, so relaxed in sleep, so utterly beautiful. I can’t quite believe this Adonis is mine, all mine. Hmm... Reaching up, I tentatively stroke his chest, running my fingertips through the smattering of hair, and he doesn’t stir. Holy cow. I can’t quite believe it. He’s really mine—for a few more precious moments. I lean over and tenderly kiss one of his scars. He moans softly but doesn’t wake, and I smile. I kiss another and his eyes open. “Hi.” I grin at him, guiltily. “Hi,” he answers warily. “What are you doing?” “Looking at you.” I run my fingers down his happy trail. He captures my hand, narrows his eyes, then smiles a brilliant Christian-at-ease smile, and I relax. My secret touching stays secret. Oh... why won’t you let me touch you? Suddenly he moves on top of me, pressing me into the mattress, his hands on mine, warning me. He strokes my nose with his. “I think you’re up to no good, Miss Steele,” he accuses but his smile remains. “I like being up to no good near you.” “You do?” he asks and kisses me lightly on the lips. “Sex or breakfast?” he asks, his eyes dark but full of humor. His erection is digging into me, and I tilt my pelvis up to meet him.
“Good choice,” he murmurs against my throat, as he trails kisses down to my breast. I stand at my chest of drawers, staring at my mirror, trying to coax my hair into some semblance of style—really, it’s just too long. I’m in jeans and a T-shirt, and Christian, freshly showered, is dressing behind me. I gaze at his body hungrily. “How often do you work out?” I ask. “Every weekday,” he says, buttoning his fly. “What do you do?” “Run, weights, kickbox.” He shrugs. “Kickbox?” “Yes, I have a personal trainer, an ex-Olympic contender who teaches me. His name is Claude. He’s very good. You’d like him.” I turn to gaze at him as he starts to button up his white shirt. “What do you mean I’d like him?” “You’d like him as a trainer.” “Why would I need a personal trainer? I have you to keep me fit.” I smirk at him. He saunters over and wraps his arms around me, his darkening eyes meeting mine in the mirror. “But I want you fit, baby, for what I have in mind. I’ll need you to keep up.” I flush as memories of the playroom flood my mind. Yes... the Red Room of Pain is exhausting. Is he going to let me back in there? Do I want to go back in? Of course you do! My inner goddess screams at me from her chaise longue. I stare into his unfathomable, mesmerizing gray eyes. “You know you want to,” he mouths at me. I flush, and the undesirable thought that Leila could probably keep up slithers invidious and unwelcome into my mind. I press my lips together and Christian frowns at me. “What?” he asks, concerned. “Nothing.” I shake my head at him. “Okay, I’ll meet Claude.”
“You will?” Christian’s face lights up in astounded disbelief. His expression makes me smile He looks like he’s won the lottery, though Christian’s probably never even bought a ticket—he has no need. “Yes, jeez—if it makes you that happy,” I scoff. He tightens his arms around me and kisses my cheek. “You have no idea,” he whispers. “So—what would you like to do today?” He nuzzles me, sending delicious tingles through my body. “I’d like to get my hair cut, and um... I need to bank a check and buy a car.” “Ah,” he says knowingly and bites his lip. Taking one hand off me, he reaches into his jeans pocket and holds up the key to my little Audi. “It’s here,” he says quietly, his expression uncertain. “What do you mean, it’s here?” Boy. I sound angry. Crap. I am angry. My subconscious glares at him. How dare he! “Taylor brought it back yesterday.” I open my mouth then close it and repeat the process twice, but I have been rendered speechless. He’s giving me back the car. Double crap. Why didn’t I foresee this? Well, two can play at that game. I fish in the back pocket of my jeans and pull out the envelope with his check. “Here, this is yours.” Christian looks at me quizzically, then recognizing the envelope, raises both his hands and steps away from me. “Oh no. That’s your money.” “No, it isn’t. I’d like to buy the car from you.” His expression changes completely. Fury—yes, fury—sweeps across his face. “No, Anastasia. Your money, your car,” he snaps at me. “No, Christian. My money, your car. I’ll buy it from you.” “I gave you that car for your graduation present.” “If you’d given me a pen—that would be a suitable graduation present. You gave me an Audi.” “Do you really want to argue about this?” “No.”
“Good—here are the keys.” He puts them on the chest of drawers. “That’s not what I meant!” “End of discussion, Anastasia. Don’t push me.” I scowl at him, then inspiration hits me. Taking the envelope, I rip it in two, then two again and drop the contents into my waste bin. Oh, that feels good. Christian gazes at me impassively, but I know I’ve just lit the blue touch paper and should stand well back. He strokes his chin. “You are, as ever, challenging, Miss Steele,” he says dryly. He turns on his heel and stalks into the other room. That is not the reaction I expected. I was anticipating full scale Armageddon. I stare at myself in the mirror and shrug, deciding on a ponytail. My curiosity is piqued. What is Fifty doing? I follow him into the room, and he’s on the phone. “Yes, twenty-four thousand dollars. Directly.” He glances up at me, still impassive. “Good... Monday? Excellent... No that’s all, Andrea.” He snaps the phone shut. “Deposited in your bank account, Monday. Don’t play games with me.” He’s boiling mad, but I don’t care. “Twenty-four thousand dollars!” I’m almost screaming. “And how do you know my account number?” My ire takes Christian by surprise. “I know everything about you, Anastasia,” he says quietly. “There’s no way my car was worth twenty-four thousand dollars.” “I would agree with you, but it’s about knowing your market, whether you’re buying or selling. Some lunatic out there wanted that death trap and was willing to pay that amount of money. Apparently, it’s a classic. Ask Taylor if you don’t believe me.” I glower at him and he glowers back, two angry stubborn fools glaring at each other. And I feel it, the pull—the electricity between us—tangible, drawing us together. Suddenly he grabs me and pushes me up against the door, his mouth on mine, claiming me hungrily, one hand on my behind pressing me to his groin and the other in the nape of my hair, tugging my head back. My fingers are in his hair, twisting hard, holding him to me. He grinds his body into mine, imprisoning me, his breathing
ragged. I feel him. He wants me, and I’m heady and reeling with excitement as I acknowledge his need for me. “Why, why do you defy me?” he mumbles between his heated kisses. My blood sings in my veins. Will he always have this effect on me? And I on him? “Because I can.” I’m breathless. I feel rather than see his smile against my neck, and he presses his forehead to mine. “Lord, I want to take you now, but I’m out of condoms. I can never get enough of you. You’re a maddening, maddening woman.” “And you make me mad,” I whisper. “In every way.” He shakes his head. “Come. Let’s go out for breakfast. And I know a place you can get your hair cut.” “Okay,” I acquiesce and just like that, our fight is over. “I’ll get this.” I pick up the tab for breakfast before he does. He scowls at me. “You have to be quick around here, Grey.” “You’re right, I do,” he says sourly, though I think he’s teasing. “Don’t look so cross. I’m twenty-four thousand dollars richer than I was this morning. I can afford”—I glance at the check—“twenty-two dollars and sixty-seven cents for breakfast.” “Thank you,” he says grudgingly. Oh, the sulky schoolboy is back. “Where to now?” “You really want your hair cut?” “Yes, look at it.” “You look lovely to me. You always do.” I blush and stare down at my fingers knotted in my lap. “And there’s your father’s function this evening.” “Remember, it’s black tie.” Oh Jeez. “Where is it?” “At my parents’ house. They have a marquee. You know, the works.”
“What’s the charity?” Christian rubs his hands down his thighs, looking uncomfortable. “It’s a drug rehab program for parents with young kids called Coping Together.” “Sounds like a good cause,” I say softly. “Come, let’s go.” He stands, effectively halting that topic of conversation and holds out his hand. As I take it, he tightens his fingers around mine. It’s strange. He’s so demonstrative in some ways and yet so closed in others. He leads me out of the restaurant, and we walk down the street. It is a lovely, mild morning. The sun is shining, and the air smells of coffee and freshly baked bread. “Where are we going?” “Surprise.” Oh, okay. I don’t really like surprises. We walk for two blocks, and the stores become decidedly more exclusive. I haven’t yet had an opportunity to explore, but this really is just around the corner from where I live. Kate will be pleased. There are plenty of small boutiques to feed her fashion passion. Actually, I need to buy some floaty skirts for work. Christian stops outside a large, slick-looking beauty salon and opens the door for me. It’s called Esclava. The interior is all white and leather. At the stark white reception desk sits a young blond woman in a crisp white uniform. She glances up as we enter. “Good morning, Mr. Grey,” she says brightly, color rising in her cheeks as she bats her eyelashes at him. It’s the Grey effect, but she knows him! How? “Hello Greta.” And he knows her. What is this? “Is this the usual, sir?” she asks politely. She’s wearing very pink lipstick. “No,” he says quickly, with a nervous glance at me. The usual? What does that mean? Holy fuck! It’s Rule no 6, the damned beauty salon. All the waxing nonsense... shit! This is where he brought all his subs? Maybe Leila, too? What the hell am I supposed to make of this?
“Miss Steele will tell you what she wants.” I glare at him. He’s introducing the Rules by stealth. I’ve agreed to the personal trainer—and now this? “Why here?” I hiss at him. “I own this place, and three more like it.” “You own it?” I gasp in surprise. Well, that’s unexpected. “Yes. It’s a sideline. Anyway—whatever you want, you can have it here, on the house. All sorts of massage; Swedish, shiatsu, hot stones, reflexology, seaweed baths, facials, all that stuff that women like—everything. It’s done here.” He waves his long-fingered hand dismissively. “Waxing?” He laughs. “Yes waxing, too. Everywhere,” he whispers conspiratorially, enjoying my discomfort. I blush and glance at Greta, who is looking at me expectantly. “I’d like a haircut, please.” “Certainly, Miss Steele.” Greta is all pink lipstick and bustling Germanic efficiency as she checks her computer screen. “Franco is free in five minutes.” “Franco’s fine,” says Christian reassuringly to me. I am trying to wrap my head around this. Christian Grey CEO owns a chain of beauty salons. I peek up at him, and suddenly he blanches—something, or someone, has caught his eye. I turn to see where he’s looking, and right at the back of the salon a sleek platinum blonde has appeared, closing a door behind her and speaking to one of the hair stylists. Platinum Blonde is tall, tanned, lovely, and in her late thirties or forties—it’s difficult to tell. She’s wearing the same uniform as Greta, but in black. She looks stunning. Her hair shines like a halo, cut in sharp bob. As she turns, she catches sight of Christian and smiles at him, a dazzling smile of warm recognition. “Excuse me,” Christian mumbles hurriedly. He strides quickly through the salon, past the hair stylists all in white, past the apprentices at the sinks, and over to her, too far away for me to hear their conversation. Platinum Blonde greets him with obvious affection, kissing both his cheeks, her hands resting on his upper arms, and they talk animatedly together.
“Miss Steele?” Greta the receptionist is trying to get my attention. “Hang on a moment, please.” I watch Christian, fascinated. Platinum Blonde turns and looks at me, and gives me the same dazzling smile, as if she knows me. I smile politely back. Christian looks upset about something. He’s reasoning with her, and she’s acquiescing, holding her hands up and smiling at him. He’s smiling at her—clearly they know each other well. Perhaps they’ve worked together for a long time? Maybe she runs the place; after all, she has a certain look of authority. Then it hits me like a wrecking ball, and I know, deep down in my gut on a visceral level, I know who it is. It’s her. Stunning, older, beautiful. It’s Mrs. Robinson. “Greta, who is Mr. Grey talking to?” My scalp is trying to leave the building. It’s prickling with apprehension, and my subconscious is screaming at me to follow it. But I sound nonchalant enough. “Oh, that’s Mrs. Lincoln. She owns the place with Mr. Grey.” Greta seems more than happy to share. “Mrs. Lincoln?” I thought Mrs. Robinson was divorced. Perhaps she’s remarried to some poor sap. “Yes. She’s not usually here, but one of our technicians is sick today so she’s filling in.” “Do you know Mrs. Lincoln’s first name?”
Greta looks up at me, frowning, and purses her bright pink lips, questioning my curiosity. Shit, perhaps this is a step too far. “Elena,” she says, almost reluctantly. I’m swamped by a strange sense of relief that my spidey sense has not let me down. Spidey sense? My subconscious snorts, Paedo sense. They are still deep in discussion. Christian is talking rapidly to Elena, and she looks worried, nodding, grimacing, and shaking her head. Reaching out, she rubs his arm soothingly while biting her lip. Another nod, and she glances at me and offers me a small reassuring smile. I can only stare at her stony-faced. I think I’m in shock. How could he bring me here? She murmurs something to Christian, and he looks my way briefly then turns back to her and replies. She nods, and I think she’s wishing him luck, but my lip-reading skills aren’t highly developed. Fifty strides back to me, anxiety etched on his face. Damn right. Mrs. Robinson returns to the back room, closing the door behind her. Christian frowns. “Are you okay?” he asks, but his voice is strained, cautious. “Not really. You didn’t want to introduce me?” My voice sounds cold, hard. His mouth drops open, he looks as if I’ve pulled the rug from under his feet. “But I thought—” “For a bright man, sometimes...” Words fail me. “I’d like to go, please.” “Why?” “You know why.” I roll my eyes. He gazes down at me, his eyes burning. “I’m sorry, Ana. I didn’t know she’d be here. She’s never here. She’s opened a new branch at the Bravern Center, and that’s where she’s normally based. Someone was sick today.” I turn on my heel and head for the door. “We won’t need Franco, Greta,” Christian snaps as we head out of the door. I have to suppress the impulse to run. I want to run fast and far away. I have an overwhelming urge to cry. I just need to get away from all this fuckedupness.
Christian walks wordlessly beside me as I try to mull all this over in my head. Wrapping my arms protectively around myself, I keep my head down, avoiding the trees on Second Avenue. Wisely, he makes no move to touch me. My mind is boiling with unanswered questions. Will Mr. Evasive fess up? “You used to take your subs there?” I snap. “Some of them, yes,” he says quietly, his tone clipped. “Leila?” “Yes.” “The place looks very new.” “It’s been refurbished recently.” “I see. So Mrs. Robinson met all your subs.” “Yes.” “Did they know about her?” “No. None of them did. Only you.” “But I’m not your sub.” “No, you most definitely are not.” I stop and face him. His eyes are wide, fearful. His lips are pressed into a hard, uncompromising line. “Can you see how fucked-up this is?” I glare up at him, my voice low. “Yes. I’m sorry.” And he has the grace to look contrite. “I want to get my hair cut, preferably somewhere where you haven’t fucked either the staff or the clientele.” He flinches. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.” “You’re not running. Are you?” he asks. “No, I just want a damn haircut. Somewhere I can close my eyes, have someone wash my hair, and forget about all this baggage that accompanies you.”
He runs his hand through his hair. “I can have Franco come to the apartment, or your place,” he says quietly. “She’s very attractive.” He blinks. “Yes, she is.” “Is she still married?” “No. She divorced about five years ago.” “Why aren’t you with her?” “Because that’s over between us. I’ve told you this.” His brow creases suddenly. Holding his finger up, he fishes his Blackberry out of his jacket pocket. It must be vibrating because I don’t hear it ring. “Welch,” he snaps, then listens. We are standing on Second Avenue, and I gaze in the direction of the larch sapling in front of me, its leaves the newest green. People bustle past us, lost in their Saturday morning chores. No doubt contemplating their own personal dramas. I wonder if they include stalker ex-submissives, stunning ex-Dommes, and a man who has no concept of privacy under United States law. “Killed in a car crash? When?” Christian interrupts my reverie. Oh no. Who? I listen more closely. “That’s twice that bastard’s not been forthcoming. He must know. Does he have no feelings for her whatsoever?” Christian shakes his head in disgust. “This is beginning to make sense... no... explains why, but not where.” Christian glances around us as if searching for something, and I find myself mirroring his actions. Nothing catches my eye. There are just the shoppers, the traffic, and the trees. “She’s here,” Christian continues. “She’s watching us... Yes... No. Two or four, twenty-four seven... I haven’t broached that yet.” Christian looks at me directly. Broached what? I frown, at him and he regards me warily. “What...,” he whispers and pales, his eyes widening. “I see. When?... That recently? But how?... No background checks?... I see. E-mail the name, address, and photos if you have them... twenty-four seven, from this afternoon. Liaise with Taylor.” Christian hangs up. “Well?” I ask, exasperated. Is he going to tell me? “That was Welch.” “Who’s Welch?”
“My security advisor.” “Okay. So what’s happened?” “Leila left her husband about three months ago and ran off with a guy who was killed in a car accident four weeks ago.” “Oh.” “The asshole shrink should have found that out,” he says angrily. “Grief, that’s what this is. Come.” He holds out his hand, and I automatically place mine in his before I snatch it away again. “Wait a minute. We were in the middle of a discussion, about us. About her, your Mrs. Robinson.” Christian’s face hardens. “She’s not my Mrs. Robinson. We can talk about it at my place.” “I don’t want to go to your place. I want to get my hair cut!” I shout. If I can just focus on this one thing... He grabs his Blackberry from his pocket again and dials a number. “Greta, Christian Grey. I want Franco at my place in an hour. Ask Mrs. Lincoln... Good.” He puts his phone away. “He’s coming at one.” “Christian... !” I splutter, exasperated. “Anastasia, Leila is obviously suffering a psychotic break. I don’t know if it’s you or me she’s after, or what lengths she’s prepared to go to. We’ll go to your place, pick up your things, and you can stay with me until we’ve tracked her down.” “Why would I want to do that?” “So I can keep you safe.” “But—” He glares at me. “You are coming back to my apartment if I have to drag you there by your hair.” I gape at him... this is beyond belief. Fifty Shades in Glorious Technicolor. “I think you’re overreacting.” “I don’t. We can continue our discussion back at my place. Come.” I fold my arms and glare at him. This has gone too far. “No,” I state stubbornly. I have to make a stand. “You can walk or I can carry you. I don’t mind either way, Anastasia.”
“You wouldn’t dare.” I scowl at him. Surely he wouldn’t make a scene on Second Avenue? He half smiles at me, but the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. “Oh, baby, we both know that if you throw down the gauntlet I’ll be only too happy to pick it up.” We glare at each other—and abruptly he sweeps down, clasps me round my thighs, and lifts me. Before I know it, I am over his shoulder. “Put me down!” I scream. Oh, it feels good to scream. He starts striding along Second Avenue, ignoring me. Clasping his arm firmly around my thighs, he swats my behind with his free hand. “Christian!” I shout. People are staring. Could this be any more humiliating? “I’ll walk! I’ll walk.” He puts me down, and before he’s even stood upright, I stomp off in the direction of my apartment, seething, ignoring him. Of course, he’s by my side in moments, but I continue to ignore him. What am I going to do? I am so angry, but I’m not even sure what I am angry about—there’s so much. As I stalk back home, I make a mental list: 1. Shoulder carrying—unacceptable for anyone over the age of six. 2. Taking me to the salon that he owns with his ex-lover—how stupid can he be? 3. The same place he took his submissives—same stupidity at work here. 4. Not even realizing that this was a bad idea—and he’s supposed to be a bright guy. 5. Having crazy ex-girlfriends. Can I blame him for that? I am so furious; yes, I can. 6. Knowing my bank account number—that’s just too stalkery by half. 7. Buying SIP—he’s got more money than sense. 8. Insisting I stay with him—the threat from Leila must be worse than he feared... he didn’t mention that yesterday. Oh no, realization dawns. Something’s changed. What could that be? I halt, and Christian halts with me. “What’s happened?” I demand. He knits his brow. “What do you mean?” “With Leila.”
“I’ve told you.” “No, you haven’t. There’s something else. You didn’t insist that I go to your place yesterday. So what’s happened?” He shifts uncomfortably. “Christian! Tell me!” I snap. “She managed to obtain a concealed weapons permit yesterday.” Oh shit. I gaze at him, blinking, and feel the blood draining from my face as I absorb this news. I may faint. Suppose she wants to kill him? No. “That means she can just buy a gun,” I whisper. “Ana,” he says, his voice full of concern. He places his hands on my shoulders, pulling me close to him. “I don’t think she’ll do anything stupid, but—I just don’t want to take that risk with you.” “Not me... what about you?” I whisper. He frowns down at me, and I wrap my arms around him and hug him hard, my face against his chest. He doesn’t seem to mind. “Let’s get back,” he murmurs, and he reaches down and kisses my hair, and that’s it. All my fury is gone, but not forgotten. Dissipated under the threat of some harm coming to Christian. The thought is unbearable. Solemnly I pack a small case and place my Mac, the Blackberry, my iPad, and Charlie Tango in my backpack. “Charlie Tango’s coming, too?” Christian asks. I nod and he gives me a small, indulgent smile. “Ethan is back Tuesday,” I mutter. “Ethan?” “Kate’s brother. He’s staying here until he finds a place in Seattle.” Christian gazes at me blankly, but I notice the frostiness creep into his eyes. “Well, it’s good that you’ll be staying with me. Give him more room,” he says quietly. “I don’t know that he’s got keys. I’ll need to be back then.”
Christian gazes at me impassively but says nothing. “That’s everything.” He grabs my case, and we head out the door. As we walk around to the back of the building to the parking lot, I’m aware that I am looking over my shoulder. I don’t know if my paranoia has taken over or if someone really is watching me. Christian opens the passenger door of the Audi and looks at me expectantly. “Are you getting in?” he asks. “I thought I was driving.” “No. I’ll drive.” “Something wrong with my driving? Don’t tell me you know what I scored on my driving test... I wouldn’t be surprised with your stalking tendencies.” Maybe he knows that I just scraped through the written test. “Get in the car, Anastasia,” he snaps angrily. “Okay.” I hastily climb in. Honestly, chill, will you? Perhaps he has the same uneasy feeling, too. Some dark sentinel watching us—well, a pale brunette with brown eyes who has an uncanny resemblance to yours truly and quite possibly a concealed firearm. Christian sets off into the traffic. “Were all your submissives brunettes?” He frowns and glances at me quickly. “Yes,” he mutters. He sounds uncertain, and I imagine him thinking, where’s she going with this? “I just wondered.” “I told you. I prefer brunettes.” “Mrs. Robinson isn’t a brunette.” “That’s probably why,” he mutters. “She put me off blondes forever.” “You’re kidding,” I gasp. “Yes. I’m kidding,” he replies, exasperated. I stare impassively out the window, spying brunettes everywhere, none of them Leila, though.
So, he only likes brunettes. I wonder why? Did Mrs. Extraordinarily-Glamorous-In-Spite-Of-Being-Old Robinson really put him off blondes? I shake my head—Christian Mindfuck Grey. “Tell me about her.” “What do you want to know?” Christian’s brow furrows, and his tone of voice tries to warn me off. “Tell me about your business arrangement.” He visibly relaxes, happy to talk about work. “I am a silent partner. I’m not particularly interested in the beauty business, but she’s built it into a successful venture. I just invested and helped get her started.” “Why?” “I owed it to her.” “Oh?” “When I dropped out of Harvard, she lent me a hundred grand to start my business.” Holy fuck... she’s rich, too. “You dropped out?” “It wasn’t my thing. I did two years. Unfortunately, my parents were not so understanding.” I frown. Mr. Grey and Dr. Grace Trevelyan disapproving, I can’t picture it. “You don’t seem to have done too badly dropping out. What was your major?” “Politics and Economics.” Hmm... figures. “So she’s rich?” I murmur. “She was a bored trophy wife, Anastasia. Her husband was wealthy—big in timber.” He smirks. “He wouldn’t let her work. You know, he was controlling. Some men are like that.” He gives me a quick sideways grin. “Really? A controlling man, surely a mythical creature?” I don’t think I can squeeze any more sarcasm into my response. Christian’s grin gets bigger. “She lent you her husband’s money?”
He nods and a small mischievous smile appears on his lips. “That’s terrible.” “He got his own back,” Christian says darkly as he pulls into the underground garage at Escala. Oh? “How?” Christian shakes his head as if recalling a particularly sour memory and parks beside the Audi Quattro SUV. “Come—Franco will be here shortly.” In the elevator Christian peers down at me. “Still mad at me?” he asks matter-of-factly. “Very.” He nods. “Okay,” he says, and stares straight ahead. Taylor is waiting for us when we arrive in the foyer. How does he always know? He takes my case. “Has Welch been in touch?” Christian asks. “Yes, sir.” “And?” “Everything’s arranged.” “Excellent. How’s your daughter?” “She’s fine, thank you, sir.” “Good. We have a hairdresser arriving at one—Franco De Luca.” “Miss Steele,” Taylor nods at me. “Hi, Taylor. You have a daughter?” “Yes ma’am.” “How old is she?” “She’s seven.” Christian gazes at me impatiently.
“She lives with her mother,” Taylor clarifies. “Oh, I see.” Taylor smiles at me. This is unexpected. Taylor’s a father? I follow Christian into the great room, intrigued by this information. I glance around. I haven’t been here since I walked out. “Are you hungry?” I shake my head. Christian gazes at me for a beat and decides not to argue. “I have to make a few calls. Make yourself at home.” “Okay.” Christian disappears into his study, leaving me standing in the huge art gallery he calls home and wondering what to do with myself. Clothes! Picking up my backpack, I wander upstairs to my bedroom and check out the walk-in closet. It’s still full of clothes—all brand new with price tags still attached. Three long evening dresses, three cocktail dresses, and three more for everyday wear. All this must have cost a fortune. I check the tag on one of the evening dresses: $2,998. Holy fuck. I sink to the floor. This isn’t me. I put my head in my hands and try to process the last few hours. It’s exhausting. Why, oh why have I fallen for someone who is plain crazy—beautiful, sexy as fuck, richer than Croesus, and crazy with a capital K? I fish my Blackberry out of my backpack and call my mom. “Ana, honey! It’s been so long. How are you, darling?” “Oh, you know...” “What’s wrong? Still not worked it out with Christian?” “Mom, it’s complicated. I think he’s nuts. That’s the problem.” “Tell me about it. Men, there’s just no reading them sometimes. Bob’s wondering if our move to Georgia was a good one.” “What?” “Yeah, he’s talking about going back to Vegas.”
Oh, someone else has problems. I’m not the only one. Christian appears in the doorway. “There you are. I thought you’d run off.” His relief is obvious. I hold my hand up to indicate that I’m on the phone. “Sorry, Mom, I have to go. I’ll call again soon.” “Okay, honey—take care of yourself. Love you!” “Love you, too, Mom.” I hang up and gaze at Fifty. He frowns, looking strangely awkward. “Why are you hiding in here?” he asks. “I’m not hiding. I’m despairing.” “Despairing?” “Of all this, Christian.” I wave my hand in the general direction of the clothes. “Can I come in?” “It’s your closet.” He frowns again and sits down, cross-legged, facing me. “They’re just clothes. If you don’t like them I’ll send them back.” “You’re a lot to take on, you know?” He blinks at me and scratches his chin... his stubbly chin. My fingers itch to touch him. “I know. I’m trying,” he murmurs. “You’re very trying.” “As are you, Miss Steele.” “Why are you doing this?” His eyes widen and his wary look returns. “You know why.” “No, I don’t.” He runs a hand through his hair. “You are one frustrating female.”
“You could have a nice brunette submissive. One who’d say, ‘how high?’ every time you said jump, provided of course she had permission to speak. So why me, Christian? I just don’t get it.” He gazes at me for a moment, and I have no idea what he’s thinking. “You make me look at the world differently, Anastasia. You don’t want me for my money. You give me... hope,” he says softly. What? Mr. Cryptic is back. “Hope of what?” He shrugs. “More.” His voice is low and quiet. “And you’re right. I am used to women doing exactly what I say, when I say, doing exactly what I want. It gets old quickly. There’s something about you, Anastasia, that calls to me on some deep level I don’t understand. It’s a siren’s call. I can’t resist you, and I don’t want to lose you.” He reaches forward and takes my hand. “Don’t run, please—have a little faith in me and a little patience. Please.” He looks so vulnerable... Jeez, it’s disturbing. Leaning up on my knees, I bend forward and kiss him gently on his lips. “Okay. Faith and patience, I can live with that.” “Good. Because Franco’s here.” Franco is small, dark, and gay. I love him. “Such beautiful hair!” he gushes with an outrageous, probably fake Italian accent. I bet he’s from Baltimore or somewhere, but his enthusiasm is infectious. Christian leads us both into his bathroom, exits hurriedly, and reenters carrying a chair from his room. “I’ll leave you two to it,” he mutters. “Grazie, Mr. Grey.” Franco turns to me. “Bene, Anastasia, what shall we do with you?” Christian is sitting on his couch, plowing through what look like spreadsheets. Soft, mellow classical music drifts through the great room. A woman sings passionately, pouring her soul into the song. It’s breathtaking. Christian glances up and smiles, distracting me from the music. “See! I tell you he like it,” Franco enthuses. “You look lovely, Ana,” Christian says appreciatively. “My work ‘ere is done,” Franco exclaims. Christian rises and strolls toward us. “Thank you, Franco.” Franco turns, grasps me in an overwhelming bear hug, and kisses both my cheeks. “Never let anyone else be cutting your hair, bellissima Anastasia!”
I laugh, slightly embarrassed by his familiarity. Christian shows him to the foyer door and returns moments later. “I’m glad you kept it long,” he says as he walks toward me, his eyes bright. He takes a strand between his fingers. “So soft,” he murmurs, gazing down at me. “Are you still mad at me?” I nod and he smiles. “What precisely are you mad at me about?” I roll my eyes. “You want the list?” “There’s a list?” “A long one.” “Can we discuss it in bed?” “No.” I pout at him childishly. “Over lunch, then. I’m hungry, and not just for food,” he gives me a salacious smile. “I am not going to let you dazzle me with your sexpertise.” He stifles a smile. “What is bothering you specifically, Miss Steele? Spit it out.” Okay. “What’s bothering me? Well, there’s your gross invasion of my privacy, the fact that you took me to some place where your ex-mistress works and you used to take all your lovers to have their bits waxed, you manhandled me in the street like I was six years old—and to cap it all, you let your Mrs. Robinson touch you!” My voice has risen to a crescendo. He raises his eyebrows, and his good humor vanishes. “That’s quite a list. But just to clarify once more—she’s not my Mrs. Robinson.” “She can touch you,” I repeat. He purses his lips. “She knows where.” “What does that mean?” He runs both hands through his hair and closes his eyes briefly, as if he’s seeking divine guidance of some kind. He swallows.
“You and I don’t have any rules. I have never had a relationship without rules, and I never know where you’re going to touch me. It makes me nervous. Your touch completely—” He stops, searching for the words. “It just means more... so much more” More? His answer’s completely unexpected, throwing me, and there’s that little word with the big meaning hanging between us again. My touch means... more. Holy cow. How am I supposed to resist when he says this stuff? Gray eyes search mine, watching, apprehensive. Tentatively I reach out and apprehension shifts to alarm. Christian steps back and I drop my hand. “Hard limit,” he whispers urgently, a pained, panicked look on his face. I can’t help but feel a crushing disappointment. “How would you feel if you couldn’t touch me?” “Devastated and deprived,” he says immediately. Oh, my Fifty Shades. Shaking my head, I offer him a small, reassuring smile and he relaxes. “You’ll have to tell me exactly why this is a hard limit, one day, please.” “One day,” he murmurs and seems to snap out of his vulnerability in a nanosecond. How can he switch so quickly? He’s the most capricious person I know. “So, the rest of your list. Invading your privacy.” His mouth twists as he contemplates this. “Because I know your bank account number?” “Yes, that’s outrageous.” “I do background checks on all my submissives. I’ll show you.” He turns and heads for his study. I dutifully follow him, dazed. From a locked filing cabinet, he pulls a manila folder. Typed on the tab: Anastasia Rose Steele. Holy fucking shit. I glare at him. He shrugs apologetically. “You can keep it,” he says quietly. “Well, gee, thanks,” I snap. I flick through the contents. He has a copy of my birth certificate, for heaven’s sake, my hard limits, the NDA, the contract—Jeez—my social security number, resume, employment records. “So you knew I worked at Clayton’s?” “Yes.”
“It wasn’t a coincidence. You didn’t just drop by?” “No.” I don’t know whether to be angry or flattered. “This is fucked-up. You know that?” “I don’t see it that way. What I do, I have to be careful.” “But this is private.” “I don’t misuse the information. Anyone can get hold of it if they have half a mind to, Anastasia. To have control—I need information. It’s how I’ve always operated.” He gazes at me, his expression guarded and unreadable. “You do misuse the information. You deposited twenty-four thousand dollars that I didn’t want into my account.” His mouth presses in a hard line. “I told you. That’s what Taylor managed to get for your car. Unbelievable, I know, but there you go.” “But the Audi...” “Anastasia, do you have any idea how much money I make?” I flush, of course not. “Why should I? I don’t need to know the bottom line of your bank account, Christian.” His eyes soften. “I know. That’s one of the things I love about you.” I gaze at him, shocked. Love about me? “Anastasia, I earn roughly one hundred thousand dollars an hour.” My mouth drops open. That is an obscene amount of money. “Twenty-four thousand dollars is nothing. The car, the Tess books, the clothes, they’re nothing.” His voice is soft. I gaze at him. He really has no idea. Extraordinary. “If you were me, how would you feel about all this... largesse coming your way?” I ask. He stares at me blankly, and there it is, his problem in a nutshell—empathy or the lack thereof. The silence stretches between us.
Finally, he shrugs. “I don’t know,” he says, and he looks genuinely bemused. My heart swells. This is it, the crux of his Fifty Shades, surely. He can’t put himself in my shoes. Well, now I know. “It doesn’t feel great. I mean, you’re very generous, but it makes me uncomfortable. I have told you this enough times.” He sighs. “I want to give you the world, Anastasia.” “I just want you, Christian. Not all the add-ons.” “They’re part of the deal. Part of what I am.” Oh, this is going nowhere. “Shall we eat?” I ask. This tension between us is draining. He frowns. “Sure.” “I’ll cook.” “Good. Otherwise there’s food in the fridge.” “Mrs. Jones is off on the weekends? So you eat cold cuts most weekends?” “No.” “Oh?” He sighs. “My submissives cook, Anastasia.” “Oh, of course.” I flush. How could I be so stupid? I smile sweetly at him. “What would Sir like to eat?” He smirks. “Whatever Madam can find,” he says darkly. Inspecting the impressive contents of the fridge, I decide on Spanish omelet. There are even cold potatoes—perfect. It’s quick and easy. Christian is still in his study, no doubt invading some poor, unsuspecting fool’s privacy and compiling information. The thought is unpleasant and leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. My mind is reeling. He really knows no bounds. I need music if I’m going to cook, and I’m going to cook unsubmissively! I wander over to the iPod dock beside the fireplace and pick up Christian’s iPod. I bet there are more of Leila’s choices on here,—I dread the very idea. Where is she? I wonder. What does she want?
I shudder. What a legacy. I can’t wrap my head around it. I scroll through the extensive list. I want something upbeat. Hmm, Beyoncé—doesn’t sound like Christian’s taste. Crazy in Love. Oh yes! How apt. I hit the repeat button and put it on loud. I sashay back to the kitchen and find a bowl, open the fridge, and take out the eggs. I crack them open and begin to whisk, dancing the whole time. Raiding the fridge once more, I gather potatoes, ham, and—Yes!—peas from the freezer. All of these will do. Finding a pan, I place it on the stove, put in a little olive oil, and go back to whisking. No empathy, I muse. Is this unique to Christian? Maybe all men are like this, baffled by women. I just don’t know. Perhaps it’s not such a revelation. I wish Kate were home; she would know. She’s been in Barbados far too long. She should be back at the end of the week after her additional vacation with Elliot. I wonder if it’s still lust at first sight for them. One of the things I love about you. I stop whisking. He said it. Does that mean there are other things? I smile for the first time since seeing Mrs. Robinson—a genuine, heartfelt, face-splitting smile. Christian slips his arms around me, making me jump. “Interesting choice of music,” he purrs as he kisses me below my ear. “Your hair smells good.” He nuzzles my hair and inhales deeply. Desire uncurls in my belly. No. I shrug out of his embrace. “I’m still mad at you.” He frowns. “How long are you going to keep this up?” he asks, dragging a hand through his hair. I shrug. “At least until I’ve eaten.” His lips twitch with amusement. Turning, he picks up the remote control from the counter and switches off the music. “Did you put that on your iPod?” I ask. He shakes his head, his expression somber, and I know it was her—Ghost Girl. “Don’t you think she was trying to tell you something back then?” “Well, with hindsight, probably,” he says quietly. qed. No empathy. My subconscious folds her arms and smacks her lips in disgust.
“Why’s it still on there?” “I quite like the song. But if it offends you I’ll remove it.” “No, it’s fine. I like to cook to music.” “What would you like to hear?” “Surprise me.” He smirks at me and heads over to the iPod dock while I go back to my whisking. Moments later the heavenly sweet, soulful voice of Nina Simone fills the room. It’s one of Ray’s favorites: “I Put a Spell on You.” I flush, turning to gape at Christian. What is he trying to tell me? He put a spell on me a long time ago. Oh my... his look has changed, the levity gone, his eyes darker, intense. I watch him, enthralled as slowly, like the predator he is, he stalks me in time to the slow sultry beat of the music. He’s barefoot, wearing just an untucked white shirt, jeans, and a smoldering look. Nina sings, “you’re mine” as Christian reaches me, his intention clear. “Christian, please,” I whisper, the whisk redundant in my hand. “Please what?” “Don’t do this.” “Do what?” “This.” He’s standing in front of me, gazing down at me. “Are you sure?” he breathes and reaching over, he takes the whisk from my hand and places it back in the bowl with the eggs. My heart is in my mouth. I don’t want this—I do want this—badly. He’s so frustrating. He’s so hot and desirable. I tear my gaze away from his spellbinding look. “I want you, Anastasia,” he murmurs. “I love and I hate, and I love arguing with you. It’s very new. I need to know that we’re okay. It’s the only way I know how.” “My feelings for you haven’t changed,” I whisper.
His proximity is overwhelming, exhilarating. The familiar pull is there, all my synapses goading me toward him, my inner goddess at her most libidinous. Staring at the patch of hair in the V of his shirt, I bite my lip, helpless, driven by desire—I want to taste him there. He’s so close, but he doesn’t touch me. His heat is warming my skin. “I’m not going to touch you until you say yes,” he says softly. “But right now, after a really shitty morning, I want to bury myself in you and just forget everything but us.” Oh my... Us. A magical combination, a small potent pronoun that clinches the deal. I raise my head to stare at his beautiful yet serious face. “I’m going to touch your face,” I breathe, and see his surprise reflected briefly in his eyes before his acceptance registers. Lifting my hand, I caress his cheek, and run my fingertips across his stubble. He closes his eyes and exhales, leaning his face into my touch. He leans down slowly, and my lips automatically lift to meet his. He hovers over me. “Yes or no, Anastasia?” he whispers. “Yes.” His mouth softly closes on mine, coaxing, coercing my lips apart as his arms fold around me, pulling me to him. His hand moves up my back, fingers tangling in the hair at the back of my head and tugging gently, while his other hand flattens on my behind, forcing me against him. I moan softly. “Mr. Grey.” Taylor coughs, and Christian releases me immediately. “Taylor,” he says, his voice frigid. I whirl round to see an uncomfortable Taylor standing on the threshold of the great room. Christian and Taylor stare at each other, some unspoken communication passing between them. “My study,” Christian snaps, and Taylor walks briskly across the room. “Rain check,” Christian whispers to me before following Taylor out of the room. I take a deep, steadying breath. Holy hell. Can I not resist him for one minute? I shake my head, disgusted at myself, grateful for Taylor’s interruption, embarrassing though it is. I wonder what Taylor has had to interrupt in the past. What’s he seen? I don’t want to think about that. Lunch. I’ll make lunch. I busy myself slicing potatoes. What does Taylor want? My mind races—is this about Leila?
Ten minutes later, they emerge, just as the omelet is ready. Christian looks preoccupied as he glances at me. “I’ll brief them in ten,” he says to Taylor. “We’ll be ready,” Taylor answers and leaves the great room. I produce two warmed plates and place them on the kitchen island. “Lunch?” “Please,” Christian says as he perches on one of the bar stools. Now he’s watching me carefully. “Problem?” “No.” I scowl. He’s not telling me. I dish out lunch and sit down beside him, resigned to staying in the dark. “This is good,” Christian murmurs appreciatively as he takes a bite. “Would you like a glass of wine?” “No, thank you.” I need to keep a clear head around you, Grey. It does taste good, even though I’m not that hungry. But I eat, knowing Christian will nag if I don’t. Eventually Christian disrupts our brooding silence and switches on the classical piece I heard earlier. “What’s this?” I ask. “Canteloube, Songs of the Auvergne. This is called ‘Bailero.’ ” “It’s lovely. What language is it?” “It’s in old French—Occitan, in fact.” “You speak French, do you understand it?” Memories of the flawless French he spoke at his parents’ dinner come to mind... “Some words, yes.” Christian smiles, visibly relaxing. “My mother had a mantra: musical instrument, foreign language, martial art. Elliot speaks Spanish; Mia and I speak French. Elliot plays guitar, I play piano, and Mia the cello.” “Wow. And the martial arts?” “Elliot does Judo. Mia put her foot down at age twelve and refused.” He smirks at the memory. “I wish my mother had been that organized.”
“Dr. Grace is formidable when it comes to the accomplishments of her children.” “She must be very proud of you. I would be.” A dark thought flashes across Christian’s face, and he looks momentarily uncomfortable. He regards me warily as if he’s in uncharted territory. “Have you decided what you’ll wear this evening? Or do I need to come and pick something for you?” His tone is suddenly brusque. Whoa! He sounds angry. Why? What have I said? “Um... not yet. Did you choose all those clothes?” “No, Anastasia, I didn’t. I gave a list and your size to a personal shopper at Neiman Marcus. They should fit. Just so that you know, I have ordered additional security for this evening and the next few days. With Leila unpredictable and unaccounted for somewhere on the streets of Seattle, I think it’s a wise precaution. I don’t want you going out unaccompanied. Okay?” I blink at him. “Okay.” What happened to I-must-have-you-now Grey? “Good. I’m going to brief them. I shouldn’t be long.” “They’re here?” “Yes.” Where? Collecting his plate, Christian places it in the sink and disappears from the room. What the hell was that about? He’s like several different people in one body. Isn’t that a symptom of schizophrenia? I must Google that. I clear my plate, wash up quickly, and head back up to my bedroom carrying the Anastasia Rose Steele dossier. Back in the walk-in closet, I pull out the three long evening dresses. Now, which one? Lying down on the bed, I gaze at my Mac, my iPad, and my Blackberry. I am overwhelmed with technology. I set about transferring Christian’s playlist from my iPad to the Mac, then fire up Google to surf the net. I’m lying across the bed looking at my Mac as Christian enters. “What are you doing?” he inquires softly. I panic briefly, wondering if I should let him see the website I’m on: Multiple Personality Disorder: The Symptoms.
Stretching out beside me, he eyes the webpage with amusement. “On this site for a reason?” he asks nonchalantly. Brusque Christian has gone—playful Christian is back. How the hell am I supposed to keep up with this? “Research. Into a difficult personality.” I give him my most deadpan look. His lips twitch with a suppressed smile. “A difficult personality?” “My own pet project.” “I’m a pet project now? A sideline. Science experiment maybe. When I thought I was everything. Miss Steele, you wound me.” “How do you know it’s you?” “Wild guess.” He smirks. “It’s true that you are the only fucked-up, mercurial, control freak that I know, intimately.” “I thought I was the only person you know intimately.” He arches a brow. I flush. “Yes. That, too.” “Have you reached any conclusions yet?” I turn and gaze at him. He’s on his side stretched out beside me with his head resting on his elbow, his expression soft, amused. “I think you’re in need of intense therapy.” He reaches up and gently tucks my hair behind my ears. “I think I’m in need of you. Here.” He hands me a tube of lipstick. I frown at him, perplexed. It’s harlot red, not my color at all. “You want me to wear this?” I squeak. He laughs. “No, Anastasia, not unless you want to. Not sure it’s your color,” he finishes dryly. He sits up on the bed cross-legged and drags his shirt off over his head. Oh my. “I like your road map idea.” I stare at him blankly. Road map?
“The no-go areas,” he says by way of explanation. “Oh. I was kidding.” “I’m not.” “You want me to draw on you, with lipstick?” “It washes off. Eventually.” This means I could touch him freely. A small smile of wonder plays on my lips, and I smirk at him. “What about something more permanent like a Sharpie?” “I could get a tattoo.” His eyes are alight with humor. Christian Grey with a tatt? Marring his lovely body, when it’s marked in so many ways already? No way! “No to the tattoo!” I laugh to hide my horror. “Lipstick, then.” He grins. Shutting the Mac, I push it to the side. This could be fun. “Come.” He holds his hands out to me. “Sit on me.” I push my flats off my feet, scramble into a sitting position, and crawl over to him. He lies down on the bed but keeps his knees flexed. “Lean against my legs.” I clamber over him and sit astride as instructed. His eyes are wide and cautious. But he’s amused, too. “You seem—enthusiastic for this,” he comments wryly. “I’m always eager for information, Mr. Grey, and it means you’ll relax, because I’ll know where the boundaries lie.” He shakes his head, as if he can’t quite believe that he’s about to let me draw all over his body. “Open the lipstick,” he orders. Oh, he’s in über-bossy mode, but I don’t care. “Give me your hand.” I give him my other hand.
“The one with the lipstick.” He rolls his eyes at me. “Are you rolling your eyes at me?” “Yep.” “That’s very rude, Mr. Grey. I know some people who get positively violent at eye-rolling.” “Do you now?” His tone is ironic. I give him my hand with the lipstick, and suddenly he sits up so we are nose to nose. “Ready?” he asks in a low, soft murmur that makes everything tighten and tense inside me. Oh wow. “Yes,” I whisper. His proximity is alluring, his toned flesh close, his Christian-smell mixed with my bodywash. He guides my hand up to the curve of his shoulder. “Press down,” he breathes, and my mouth goes dry as he directs my hand down, from the top of his shoulder, around his arm socket then down the side of his chest. The lipstick leaves a broad, livid red streak it in its wake. He stops at the bottom of this ribcage then directs me across his stomach. He tenses and stares, seemingly impassive, into my eyes, but beneath his careful blank look, I see his restraint. His aversion is held in strict check, the line of his jaw is strained, and there’s tension around his eyes. Midway across his stomach he murmurs, “And up the other side.” He releases my hand. I mirror the line I’ve drawn on his left side. The trust he’s giving me is heady but tempered by the fact that I can I count his pain. Seven small, round white scars dot his chest, and it’s deep, dark purgatory to see this hideous, evil desecration of his beautiful body. Who would do this to a child? “There, done,” I whisper, containing my emotion. “No, you’re not,” he replies and traces a line with his long index finger around the base of his neck. I follow the line of his finger with a scarlet streak. Finishing, I gaze into the gray depths of his eyes. “Now my back,” he murmurs. He shifts so I have to climb off him, then he turns around on the bed and sits cross-legged with his back to me. “Follow the line from my chest, all the way round to the other side.” His voice is low and husky. I do as he says until a crimson line runs across the middle of his back, and as I do, I count more scars marring his beautiful body. Nine in all. Holy fuck. I have to fight the overwhelming need to kiss each one and stop the tears pooling in my eyes. What kind of animal would do this? His head is down, and his body tense as I complete the circuit round his back.
“Around your neck, too?” I whisper. He nods, and I draw another line joining the first around the base of his neck beneath his hair. “Finished,” I murmur, and it looks like he’s wearing a bizarre skin-colored vest with a harlot-red trim. His shoulders slump as he relaxes, and he turns slowly to face me once again. “Those are the boundaries,” he says quietly, his eyes dark and pupils dilated... from fear? From lust? I want to hurl myself at him, but I restrain myself and gaze at him in wonder. “I can live with those. Right now I want to launch myself at you,” I whisper. He gives me a wicked smile and holds out his hands, a gesture of supplication. “Well, Miss Steele, I’m all yours.” I squeal with childish delight and catapult myself into his arms, knocking him flat. He twists, letting out a boyish laugh filled with relief that the ordeal is over. Somehow, I end up beneath him on the bed. “Now, about that rain check,” he breathes and his mouth claims mine once more. My hands fist in his hair while my mouth is feverish against Christian’s, consuming him, relishing the feel of his tongue against mine. And he’s the same, devouring me. It’s heavenly. Suddenly he drags me up and grasps the hem of my T-shirt, whipping it over my head and throwing it on the floor.
“I want to feel you,” he says greedily against my mouth as his hands move behind me to undo my bra. In one smooth move, it’s off and he pitches it aside. He pushes me back down onto the bed, pressing me into the mattress, and his mouth and hand move to my breasts. My fingers curl into his hair as he takes one of my nipples between his lips and tugs hard. I cry out as the sensation sweeps through my body, spikes, and tightens all the muscles around my groin. “Yes, baby, let me hear you,” he murmurs against my overheated skin. Boy, I want him inside me, now. With his mouth, he toys with my nipple, pulling at it, making me squirm and writhe and yearn for him. I sense his longing mixed with—what? Veneration. It’s as if he’s worshipping me. He teases me with his fingers, my nipple growing hard and elongating under his skillful touch. His hand moves to my jeans, and he deftly undoes the button, tugs the zipper down, and slips his hand inside my panties, sliding his fingers against my sex. His breath hisses out as his finger glides into me. I push my pelvis up into the heel of his hand, and he responds, rubbing against me. “Oh, baby,” he breathes as he hovers over me, staring intently into my eyes. “You’re so wet.” His voice is filled with wonder. “I want you,” I murmur. His mouth joins with mine again, and I feel his hungry desperation, his need for me. This is new—it’s never been like this except perhaps when I came back from Georgia—and his words from earlier drift back to me... I need to know we’re okay. This is the only way I know how. The thought unravels me. To know that I have such an effect on him, that I can offer him so much solace, doing this—my inner goddess purrs with pure pleasure. He sits up, grasps the hem of my jeans, and tugs them off, followed by my panties. Keeping his eyes fixed on mine, he stands, takes a foil packet out of his pocket, and tosses it at me, then removes his jeans and boxers in one swift motion. I rip the packet open greedily, and when he lies beside me again, I slowly roll the condom on to him. He grabs both my hands and rolls on to his back. “You. On top,” he orders, pulling me astride him. “I want to see you.” Oh. He guides me, and hesitantly I ease myself down onto him. He closes his eyes and flexes his hips to meet me, filling me, stretching me, his mouth forming a perfect O as he exhales.
Oh, that feels so good—possessing him, possessing me. He holds my hands, and I don’t know if it’s to steady me or keep me from touching him, even though I have my road map. “You feel so good,” he murmurs. I rise again, heady with the power I have over him, watching Christian Grey slowly coming apart beneath me. He lets go of my hands and grabs my hips, and I place my hands on his arms. He thrusts into me sharply, causing me to cry out. “That’s right, baby, feel me,” he says, his voice strained. I tip my head back and do exactly that. This is what he does so well. I move—countering his rhythm in perfect symmetry—numbing all thought and reason. I am just sensation lost in this void of pleasure. Up and down... again and again... Oh yes... Opening my eyes, I stare down at him, my breathing ragged, and he’s staring back at me, eyes blazing. “My Ana,” he mouths. “Yes,” I rasp. “Always.” He groans loudly, closing his eyes again, tipping his head back. Oh my... Seeing Christian undone is enough to seal my fate, and I come audibly, exhaustingly, spinning down and around, collapsing on top of him. “Oh, baby,” he groans as he finds his release, holding me still and letting go. My head is on his chest in the no-go area, my cheek nestled against the springy hair on his sternum. I am panting, glowing, and I resist the urge to pucker my lips and kiss him. I just lie on top of him, catching my breath. He smoothes my hair, and his hand runs down my back, caressing me as his breathing calms. “You are so beautiful.” I lift my head to gaze at him, my expression skeptical. He frowns in response and sits up quickly, taking me by surprise, his arm sweeping round to hold me in place. I clutch his biceps as we are nose to nose. “You. Are. Beautiful,” he says again, his tone emphatic. “And you’re amazingly sweet sometimes.” I kiss him gently. He lifts me and eases out of me. I wince as he does. Leaning forward, he kisses me softly. “You have no idea how attractive you are, do you?”
I flush. Why’s he going on about this? “All those boys pursuing you—that isn’t enough of a clue?” “Boys? What boys?” “You want the list?” Christian frowns. “The photographer, he’s crazy about you, that boy in the hardware store, your roommate’s older brother. Your boss,” he adds bitterly. “Oh, Christian, that’s just not true.” “Trust me. They want you. They want what’s mine.” He pulls me against him, and I lift my arms to his shoulders, my hands in his hair, regarding him with amusement. “Mine,” he repeats, his eyes glowing possessively. “Yes, yours.” I reassure him, smiling. He looks mollified, and I feel perfectly comfortable naked in his lap on a bed in the full light of a Saturday afternoon. Who would have thought? The lipstick marks remain on his exquisite body. I note some smears on the duvet cover though, and wonder briefly what Mrs. Jones will make of them. “The line is still intact,” I murmur and bravely trace the mark on his shoulder with my index finger. He stiffens, blinking suddenly. “I want to go exploring.” He regards me skeptically. “The apartment?” “No. I was thinking of the treasure map that we’ve drawn on you.” My fingers itch to touch him. His eyebrows lift in surprise, and he blinks with uncertainty. I rub my nose against his. “And what would that entail exactly, Miss Steele?” I lift my hand from his shoulder and run my fingertips down this face. “I just want to touch you everywhere I’m allowed.” Christian catches my index finger in his teeth, biting down gently. “Ow,” I protest and he grins, a low growl coming from his throat. “Okay,” he says, releasing my finger, but his voice is laced with apprehension. “Wait.” He leans behind me, lifting me again, and removes his condom, dropping it unceremoniously on the floor beside the bed. “I hate those things. I’ve a good mind to call Dr. Greene around to give you a shot.”
“You think the top ob-gyn in Seattle is going to come running?” “I can be very persuasive,” he murmurs, hooking my hair behind my ear. “Franco’s done a great job on your hair. I like these layers.” What? “Stop changing the subject.” He shifts me back so I’m straddling him, leaning on his propped-up knees, my feet on either side of his hips. He leans back on his arms. “Touch away,” he says without humor. He looks nervous, but he’s trying to hide it. Keeping my eyes on his, I reach down and trace my finger underneath the lipstick line, across his finely sculptured abdominal muscles. He flinches and I stop. “I don’t have to,” I whisper. “No, it’s fine. Just takes some... readjustment on my part. No one’s touched me for a long time,” he murmurs. “Mrs. Robinson?” The words pop unbidden out of my mouth, and amazingly, I manage to keep all bitterness and rancor out of my voice. He nods, his discomfort obvious. “I don’t want to talk about her. It will sour your good mood.” “I can handle it.” “No, you can’t, Ana. You see red whenever I mention her. My past is my past. It’s a fact. I can’t change it. I’m lucky that you don’t have one, because it would drive me crazy if you did.” I frown at him, but I don’t want to fight. “Drive you crazy? More than you are already?” I smile, hoping to lighten the atmosphere between us. His lips twitch. “Crazy for you,” he whispers. My heart swells with joy. “Shall I call Dr. Flynn?” “I don’t think that will be necessary,” he says dryly. Shifting back so he drops his legs, I place my fingers back on his stomach and let them drift across his skin. He stills once more.
“I like touching you.” My fingers skate down to his navel then southward along his happy, happy trail. His lips part as his breathing changes, his eyes darken and his erection stirs and twitches beneath me. Holy cow. Round two. “Again?” I murmur. He smiles. “Oh yes, Miss Steele, again.” What a delicious way to spend a Saturday afternoon. I stand beneath the shower, absentmindedly washing myself, careful not to wet my tied-back hair, contemplating the last couple of hours. Christian and vanilla seem to be going well. He’s revealed so much today. It’s staggering, trying to assimilate all the information and to reflect on what I’ve learned: his salary details—Whoa, he’s stinking rich, and for someone so young; it’s just extraordinary—and the dossiers he has on me and on all his brunette submissives. I wonder if they are all in that filing cabinet? My subconscious purses her lips at me and shakes her head—don’t even go there. I frown. Just a quick peek? And there’s Leila—with a gun, potentially, somewhere—and her crap taste in music still on his iPod. But even worse, Mrs. Paedo Robinson, I cannot wrap my head around her, and I don’t want to. I don’t want her to be a shimmering-haired specter in our relationship. He’s right, I do go off the deep end when I think of her, so perhaps it’s best if I don’t. I step out of the shower and dry myself, and I’m suddenly seized by unexpected anger. But who wouldn’t go off the deep end? What normal, sane person would do that to a fifteen-year-old boy? How much has she contributed to his fuckedupness? I don’t understand her. And worse still, he says she helped him. How? I think of his scars, the stark physical embodiment of a horrific childhood and a sickening reminder of what mental scars he must bear. My sweet, sad Fifty Shades. He’s said such loving things today. He’s crazy for me. Staring at my reflection, I smile at the memory of his words, my heart brimming once more, and my face transforms with a ridiculous smile. Perhaps we can make this work. But how long will he want to do this without wanting to beat the crap out of me because I cross some arbitrary line? My smile dissolves. This is what I don’t know. This is the shadow that hangs over us. Kinky fuckery, yes, I can do that, but more? My subconscious stares at me blankly, for once offering no snarky words of wisdom. I head back to my bedroom to dress. Christian is downstairs getting ready, doing whatever he’s doing, so I have the bedroom to myself. As well as all the dresses in the closet, I have drawers full of new underwear. I select a black bustier corset
creation with a price tag of five hundred forty dollars. It has silver trim like filigree and the briefest of panties to match. Thigh-high stockings, too, in a natural color, so fine, pure silk. Wow, they feel... slinky... and kind of hot... yeah. I am reaching for the dress when Christian enters unannounced. Whoa, you could knock! He stands immobilized, staring at me, gray eyes glimmering, hungrily. I blush crimson everywhere, it feels. He is wearing a white shirt and black suit pants, the neck of his shirt is open. I can see the lipstick line still in place, and he’s still staring. “Can I help you, Mr. Grey? I assume there is some purpose to your visit other than to gawk mindlessly at me.” “I am rather enjoying my mindless gawk, thank you, Miss Steele,” he murmurs darkly, stepping further into the room and drinking me in. “Remind me to send a personal note of thanks to Caroline Acton.” I frown. Who the hell is she? “The personal shopper at Neiman’s,” he says, spookily answering my unspoken question. “Oh.” “I’m quite distracted.” “I can see that. What do you want, Christian?” I give him my no-nonsense stare. He retaliates with his crooked smile and pulls the silver ball egg-things from his pocket, stopping me in my tracks. Holy shit! He wants to spank me? Now? Why? “It’s not what you think,” he says quickly. “Enlighten me,” I whisper. “I thought you could wear these tonight.” And the implications of that sentence hang between us as the idea sinks in. “To this event?” I’m shocked. He nods slowly, his eyes darkening. Oh my. “Will you spank me later?” “No.” For a moment, I feel a tiny fleeting stab of disappointment.
He chuckles. “You want me to?” I swallow. I just don’t know. “Well, rest assured I am not going to touch you like that, not even if you beg me.” Oh! This is news. “Do you want to play this game?” he continues, holding up the balls. “You can always take them out if it’s too much.” I gaze at him. He looks so wickedly tempting—unkempt, recently fucked hair, dark eyes dancing with erotic thoughts, that beautiful sculptured mouth, lips raised in a sexy, amused smile. “Okay,” I acquiesce softly. Hell, yes! My inner goddess has found her voice and is shouting from the rooftops. “Good girl,” Christian grins. “Come here, and I’ll put them in, once you’ve put your shoes on.” My shoes? I turn and glance at the dove gray suede stilettos that match the dress I’ve chosen to wear. Humor him! my inner goddess barks at me. He holds out his hand to support me while I step into the Christian Louboutin shoes, a steal at threethousand two hundred ninety-five dollars. I must be at least five inches taller now. He leads me to the bedside and doesn’t sit, but walks over to the only chair in the room. Picking it up, he carries it over and places it in front of me. “When I nod, you bend down and hold on to the chair. Understand?” His voice is husky. “Yes.” “Good. Now open your mouth,” he orders, his voice still low. I do as I’m told, thinking that he’s going to put the balls in my mouth again to lubricate them. No, he slips his index finger in. Oh... “Suck,” he says. I reach up and clasp his hand, holding him steady, and do as I’m told—see, I can be obedient, when I want. He tastes of soap... hmm. I suck hard, and I’m rewarded when his eyes widen and his lips part as he inhales. I’m not going to need any lubricant at this rate. He puts the balls in his mouth as I fellate his finger, twirling my tongue round it. When he tries to withdraw it, I clamp my teeth down.
He grins then shakes his head, admonishing me, so I let go. He nods, and I bend down and grasp the sides of the chair. He moves my panties to one side and very slowly slides a finger into me, circling leisurely, so I feel him, on all sides. I can’t help the moan that escapes from my lips. He withdraws his finger briefly and with tender care, inserts the balls one at a time, pushing them deep inside me. Once they are in position, he smoothes my panties back into place and kisses my backside. Running his hands up each of my legs from ankle to thigh, he gently kisses the top of each thigh where my hold-ups finish. “You have fine, fine legs, Miss Steele,” he murmurs. Standing, he grasps my hips and pulls my behind against him so I feel his erection. “Maybe I’ll have you this way when we get home, Anastasia. You can stand now.” I feel giddy, beyond aroused as the weight of the balls push and pull inside me. Leaning down from behind me Christian kisses my shoulder. “I bought these for you to wear to last Saturday’s gala.” He puts his arm around me and holds out his hand. In his palm rests a small red box with Cartier inscribed on the lid. “But you left me, so I never had the opportunity to give them to you.” Oh! “This is my second chance,” he murmurs, his voice stiff with some unnamed emotion. He’s nervous. Tentatively, I reach for the box and open it. Inside shines a pair of drop earrings. Each has four diamonds, one at the base, then a gap, then three perfectly spaced diamonds hanging one after the other. They’re beautiful, simple, and classic. What I would choose myself, if I were ever given the opportunity to shop at Cartier. “They’re lovely,” I whisper, and because they are second-chance earrings, I love them. “Thank you.” He relaxes against me as the tension leaves his body, and he kisses my shoulder again. “You’re wearing the silver satin dress?” he asks. “Yes? Is that okay?” “Of course. I’ll let you get ready.” He heads out the door without a backward glance. I have entered an alternate universe. The young woman staring back at me looks worthy of a red carpet. Her strapless, floor-length, silver satin gown is simply stunning. Maybe I’ll write to Caroline Acton myself. It’s fitted and flatters what little curves I have.
My hair falls in soft waves around my face, spilling over my shoulders to my breasts. I tuck one side behind my ear, revealing my second-chance earrings. I have kept my makeup to a minimum, a natural look. Eyeliner, mascara, a little pink blush, and pale pink lipstick. I don’t really need the blush. I am slightly flushed from the constant movement of the silver balls. Yes, they’ll guarantee I have some color in my cheeks tonight. Shaking my head at the audacity of Christian’s erotic ideas, I lean down to collect my satin wrap and silver clutch purse and go in search of my Fifty Shades. He is talking to Taylor and three other men in the hallway, his back to me. Their surprised, appreciative expressions alert Christian to my presence. He turns as I stand and wait awkwardly. Holy cow! My mouth dries. He looks stunning... Black dinner suit, black bow tie, and his expression as he gazes at me is one of awe. He strolls toward me and kisses my hair. “Anastasia. You look breathtaking.” I flush at this compliment in front of Taylor and the other men. “A glass of champagne before we go?” “Please,” I murmur, far too quickly. Christian nods to Taylor who heads into the foyer with his three cohorts. In the great room, Christian retrieves a bottle of champagne from the fridge. “Security team?” I ask. “Close protection. They’re under Taylor’s control. He’s trained in that, too.” Christian hands me a champagne flute. “He’s very versatile.” “Yes, he is.” Christian smiles. “You look lovely, Anastasia. Cheers.” He raises his glass, and I clink it with mine. The champagne is a pale rose color. It tastes deliciously crisp and light. “How are you feeling?” he asks, his eyes heated. “Fine, thank you.” I smile sweetly, giving nothing away, knowing full well he’s referring to the silver balls. He smirks at me. “Here, you’re going to need this.” He hands me a large velvet pouch that was resting on the kitchen island. “Open it,” he says between sips of champagne. Intrigued, I reach into the bag and pull out an intricate silver masquerade mask with cobalt blue feathers in a plume crowning the top.
“It’s a masked ball,” he states matter-of-factly. “I see.” The mask is beautiful. A silver ribbon is threaded around the edges and exquisite silver filigree is etched around the eyes. “This will show off your beautiful eyes, Anastasia.” I grin at him, shyly. “Are you wearing one?” “Of course. They’re very liberating in a way,” he adds, raising an eyebrow, and he smirks. Oh. This is going to be fun. “Come. I want to show you something.” Holding out his hand, he leads me out into the hallway and to a door beside the stairs. He opens it, revealing a large room roughly the same size as his playroom, which must be directly above us. This one is filled with books. Wow, a library, every wall crammed floor to ceiling. In the center is a full-size billiard table illuminated by a long triangular-prism-shaped Tiffany lamp. “You have a library!” I squeak in awe, overwhelmed with excitement. “Yes, the balls room as Elliot calls it. The apartment is quite spacious. I realized today, when you mentioned exploring, that I’ve never given you a tour. We don’t have time now, but I thought I’d show you this room, and maybe challenge you to a game of billiards in the not-too-distant future.” I grin at him. “Bring it on.” I secretly hug myself with glee. José and I bonded over pool. We’ve been playing for the last three years. I am ace with a cue. José has been a good teacher. “What?” Christian asks, amused. Oh! I really must stop expressing every emotion I feel the instant I feel it, I scold myself. “Nothing,” I say quickly. Christian narrows his eyes. “Well, maybe Doctor Flynn can uncover your secrets. You’ll meet him this evening.” “The expensive charlatan?” Holy shit. “The very same. He’s dying to meet you.”
Christian takes my hand and gently skims his thumb across my knuckles as we sit in the back of the Audi heading north. I squirm, and feel the sensation in my groin. I resist the urge to moan, as Taylor is in the front, not wearing his iPod, with one of the security guys whose name I think is Sawyer. I am beginning to feel a dull, pleasurable ache deep in my belly, caused by the balls. Idly, I wonder, how long will I be able to manage without some, um... relief? I cross my legs. As I do, something that’s been niggling me in the back of my mind suddenly surfaces. “Where did you get the lipstick?” I ask Christian quietly. He smirks at me and points toward the front. “Taylor,” he mouths. I burst out laughing. “Oh.” And stop quickly—the balls. I bite my lip. Christian smiles at me, his eyes gleaming wickedly. He knows exactly what he’s doing, sexy beast that he is. “Relax,” he breathes. “If it’s too much...” His voice trails off, and he gently kisses each knuckle in turn, then gently sucks the tip of my little finger. Now I know he’s doing this on purpose. I close my eyes as dark desire unfolds throughout my body. I surrender briefly to the sensation, my muscles clenching deep inside me. Oh my. When I open my eyes again, Christian is regarding me closely, a dark prince. It must be the dinner jacket and bow tie, but he looks older, sophisticated, a devastatingly handsome roué with licentious intent. He simply takes my breath away. I’m in his sexual thrall, and if I’m to believe him, he’s in mine. The thought brings a smile to my face, and his answering grin is blinding. “So what can we expect at this event?” “Oh, the usual stuff,” Christian says breezily. “Not usual for me,” I remind him. Christian smiles fondly and kisses my hand again. “Lots of people flashing their cash. Auction, raffle, dinner, dancing—my mother knows how to throw a party.” He smiles and for the first time all day, I allow myself to feel a little excited about this party. There is a line of expensive cars heading up the driveway of the Grey mansion. Long, pale pink paper lanterns hang over the drive, and as we inch closer in the Audi, I can see they are everywhere. In the early evening light, they look magical, as if we’re entering an enchanted kingdom. I glance at Christian. How suitable for my prince—and my childish excitement blooms, eclipsing all other feelings. “Masks on,” Christian grins, and as he dons his simple black mask, my prince becomes something darker, more sensual.
All I can see of his face is his beautiful chiseled mouth and strong jaw. Holy fuck... My heartbeat lurches at the sight of him. I fasten my mask and grin at him, ignoring the hunger deep in my body. Taylor pulls into the driveway, and a valet opens Christian’s door. Sawyer leaps out to open mine. “Ready?” Christian asks. “As I’ll ever be.” “You look beautiful, Anastasia.” He kisses my hand and exits the car. A dark green carpet runs along the lawn to one side of the house, leading to the impressive grounds at the rear. Christian has a protective arm around me, resting his hand on my waist, as we follow the green carpet with a steady stream of Seattle’s elite dressed in their finery and wearing all manner of masks the lanterns lighting the way. Two photographers marshal guests to pose for pictures against the backdrop of an ivy-strewn arbor. “Mr. Grey!” one of the photographers calls. Christian nods in acknowledgement and pulls me close as we pose quickly for a photo. How do they know it’s him? His trademark, unruly copper hair no doubt. “Two photographers?” I ask Christian. “One is from the Seattle Times; the other is for a souvenir. We’ll be able to buy a copy later.” Oh, my picture in the press again. Leila briefly enters my mind. This is how she found me, posing with Christian. The thought is unsettling, though it’s comforting that I am unrecognizable beneath my mask. At the end of the line, white-suited servers hold trays of glasses brimming with champagne, and I’m grateful when Christian passes me a glass—effectively distracting me from my dark thoughts. We approach a large white pergola hung with smaller versions of the paper lanterns. Beneath it, shines a black and white checkered dance floor surrounded by a low fence with entrances on three sides. At each entrance stand two elaborate ice sculptures of swans. The fourth side of the pergola is occupied by a stage where a string quartet is playing softly, a haunting, ethereal piece I don’t recognize. The stage looks set for a big band but as there’s no sign of the musicians yet. I figure this must be for later. Taking my hand, Christian leads me between swans onto the dance floor where the other guests are congregating, chatting over glasses of champagne. Toward the shoreline stands an enormous marquee, open on the side nearest to us so I can glimpse the formally arranged tables and chairs. There are so many! “How many people are coming?” I ask Christian, thrown by the scale of the marquee. “I think about three hundred. You’ll have to ask my mother.” He smiles down at me, and maybe it’s because I can only see his smile that lights up his face, but my inner goddess swoons.
“Christian!” A young woman appears out of the throng and throws her arms around his neck, and immediately I know it’s Mia. She’s dressed in a sleek, pale pink, full-length chiffon gown with a stunning, delicately detailed Venetian mask to match. She looks amazing. And for a moment, I have never felt so grateful for the dress Christian has given me. “Ana! Oh, darling, you look gorgeous!” She gives me a quick hug. “You must come and meet my friends. None of them can believe that Christian finally has a girlfriend.” I shoot a quick panicked glance at Christian, who shrugs in a resigned I-know-she’s-impossible-I-had-tolive-with-her-for-years way, and let Mia lead me over to a group of four young women, all expensively attired and impeccably groomed. Mia makes hasty introductions. Three of them are sweet and kind, but Lily, I think her name is, regards me sourly from beneath her red mask. “Of course we all thought Christian was gay,” she says snidely, concealing her rancor with a large, fake smile. Mia pouts at her. “Lily, behave yourself. It’s obvious he has excellent taste in women. He was waiting for the right one to come along, and it wasn’t you!” Lily blushes the same color as her mask, as do I. Could this be any more uncomfortable? “Ladies, if I could claim my date back, please?” Snaking his arm around my waist, Christian pulls me to his side. All four women flush, grin and fidget, his dazzling smile doing what it always does. Mia glances at me and rolls her eyes, and I have to laugh. “Lovely to meet you,” I say as he drags me away. “Thank you,” I mouth at Christian when we’re some distance away. “I saw that Lily was with Mia. She is one nasty piece of work.” “She likes you,” I mutter dryly. He shudders. “Well, the feeling is not mutual. Come, let me introduce you to some people.” I spend the next half hour in a whirlwind of introductions. I meet two Hollywood actors, two more CEOs, and several eminent physicians. Holy shit... there is no way I am going to remember everyone’s name. Christian keeps me close at his side, and I’m grateful. Frankly, the wealth, the glamour, and the sheer lavish scale of the event intimidates me. I have never been to anything like this in my life.
The white-suited servers move effortlessly through the growing crowd of guests with bottles of champagne, topping off my glass with worrying regularity. I must not drink too much. I must not drink too much, I repeat to myself, but I’m beginning to feel light-headed, and I don’t know if it’s the champagne, the charged atmosphere of mystery and excitement created by the masks, or the secret silver balls. The dull ache below my waist is becoming impossible to ignore. “So you work at SIP?” asks a balding gentleman in a half-bear—or is it a dog?—mask. “Heard rumors of a hostile takeover.” I flush. There is a hostile takeover from a man who has more money than sense and is a stalker par excellence. “I’m just a lowly assistant, Mr. Eccles. I wouldn’t know about these things.” Christian says nothing and smiles blandly at Eccles. “Ladies and gentlemen!” The master of ceremonies, wearing an impressive black and white harlequin mask, interrupts us. “Please take your seats. Dinner is served.” Christian takes my hand, and we follow the chattering crowd to the large marquee. The interior is stunning. Three enormous, shallow chandeliers throw rainbow-colored sparkles over the ivory silk lining of the ceiling and walls. There must be at least thirty tables, and they remind me of the private dining room at the Heathman—crystal glasses, crisp white linen covering the tables and chairs, and in the center, an exquisite display of pale pink peonies gathered around a silver candelabra. Wrapped in gossamer silk beside it is a basket of goodies. Christian consults the seating plan and leads me to a table in the center. Mia and Grace are already in situ, deep in conversation with a young man I don’t know. Grace is wearing a shimmering mint green gown with a Venetian mask to match. She looks radiant, not stressed at all, and she greets me warmly. “Ana, how delightful to see you again! And looking so beautiful, too.” “Mother,” Christian greets her stiffly and kisses her on both cheeks. “Oh, Christian, so formal!” she scolds him teasingly. Grace’s parents, Mr. and Mrs. Trevelyan, join us at our table. They seem exuberant and youthful, though it’s difficult to tell beneath their matching bronze masks. They are delighted to see Christian. “Grandmother, Grandfather, may I introduce Anastasia Steele?” Mrs. Trevelyan is all over me like a rash. “Oh, he’s finally found someone, how wonderful and so pretty! Well I do hope you make an honest man of him,” she gushes, shaking my hand. Holy cow. I thank the heavens for my mask.
“Mother, don’t embarrass Ana.” Grace comes to my rescue. “Ignore the silly old coot, m’dear.” Mr. Trevelyan shakes my hand. “She thinks because she’s so old, she has a God-given right to say whatever nonsense pops into that woolly head of hers.” “Ana, this is my date, Sean.” Mia shyly introduces her young man. He gives me a wicked grin, and his brown eyes dance with amusement as we shake hands. “Pleased to meet you, Sean.” Christian shakes Sean’s hand as he regards him shrewdly. Don’t tell me that poor Mia suffers from her overbearing brother, too. I smile at Mia in sympathy. Lance and Janine, Grace’s friends, are the last couple at our table, but there is still no sign of Mr. Grey. Abruptly, there’s the hiss of a microphone, and Mr. Grey’s voice booms over the PA system, causing the babble of voices to die down. Carrick stands on a small stage at one end of the marquee, wearing an impressive, gold, Punchinello mask. “Welcome, ladies and gentleman, to our annual charity ball. I hope that you enjoy what we have laid out for you tonight and that you’ll dig deep into your pockets to support the fantastic work that our team does with Coping Together. As you know, it’s a cause that is very close to my wife’s heart, and mine.” I peek nervously at Christian, who is staring impassively, I think, at the stage. He glances at me and smirks. “I’ll hand you over now to our master of ceremonies. Please be seated, and enjoy,” Carrick finishes. Polite applause follows, then the babble in the tent starts again. I am seated between Christian and his grandfather. I admire the small white place card with fine silver calligraphy that bears my name as a waiter lights the candelabra with a long taper. Carrick joins us, kissing me on both cheeks, surprising me. “Good to see you again, Ana,” he murmurs. He really looks very striking in his extraordinary gold mask. “Ladies and gentlemen, please nominate a table head,” the MC calls out. “Ooo—me, me!” says Mia immediately, bouncing enthusiastically in her seat. “In the center of the table you will find an envelope,” the MC continues. “Would everyone find, beg, borrow, or steal a bill of the highest denomination you can manage, write your name on it, and place it inside the envelope. Table heads, please guard these envelopes carefully. We will need them later.” Holy crap. I haven’t brought any money with me. How stupid—it’s a charity event! Fishing out his wallet, Christian produces two hundred-dollar bills. “Here,” he says.
What? “I’ll pay you back,” I whisper. His mouth twists slightly, and I know he’s not happy, but he doesn’t comment. I sign my name using his fountain pen—it’s black, with a white flower motif on the cap—and Mia passes the envelope round. In front of me I find another card inscribed with silver calligraphy—our menu. Well, that accounts for the number of crystal glasses in every size that crowd my place setting. Our waiter is back, offering wine and water. Behind me, the sides of the tent through which we entered are being closed, while at the front, two servers pull back the canvas, revealing the sunset over Seattle and Meydenbauer Bay. It’s an absolutely breathtaking view, the twinkling lights of Seattle in the distance and the orange, dusky calm of the bay reflecting the opal sky. Wow. It’s so calm and peaceful. Ten servers, each holding a plate, come to stand between us. On a silent cue, they serve us our starters in complete synchronization, then vanish again. The salmon looks delicious, and I realize I am famished. “Hungry?” Christian murmurs so only I can hear. I know he’s not referring to the food, and the muscles deep in my belly respond. “Very,” I whisper, boldly meeting his gaze, and Christian’s lips part as he inhales. Ha! See... two can play at this game.
Christian’s grandfather engages me in conversation immediately. He’s a wonderful old man, so proud of his daughter and three children. It is weird to think of Christian as a child. The memory of his burn scars come unbidden to my mind, but I quickly quash it. I don’t want to think about that now, though ironically, it’s the reason behind this party. I wish Kate was here with Elliot. She would fit in so well—the sheer number of forks and knives laid out before her wouldn’t daunt Kate—she would command the table. I imagine her duking it out with Mia over who should be table head. The thought makes me smile. The conversation at the table ebbs and flows. Mia is entertaining, as usual, and quite eclipses poor Sean, who mostly stays quiet like me. Christian’s grandmother is the most vocal. She, too, has a biting sense of humor, usually at the expense of her husband. I begin to feel a little sorry for Mr. Trevelyan. Christian and Lance talk animatedly about a device Christian’s company is developing, inspired by Schumacher’s principle Small is Beautiful. It’s hard to keep up. Christian seems intent on empowering impoverished communities all over the world with wind-up technology—devices that need no electricity or batteries and minimal maintenance. Watching him in full flow is astonishing. He’s passionate and committed to improving the lives of the less fortunate. Through his telecommunications company, he’s intent on being first to market with a wind-up mobile phone. Whoa. I had no idea. I mean I knew about his passion about feeding the world, but this... Lance seems unable to comprehend Christian’s plan to give the technology away and not patent it. I wonder vaguely how Christian made all his money if he’s so willing to give it all away. Throughout dinner a steady stream of men in smartly tailored dinner jackets and dark masks stop by the table, keen to meet Christian, shake his hand, and exchange pleasantries. He introduces me to some but not others. I’m intrigued to know how and why he makes the distinction. During one such conversation, Mia leans across and smiles. “Ana, will you help in the auction?” “Of course,” I respond only too willing. By the time dessert is served, night has fallen, and I’m really uncomfortable. I need to get rid of the balls. Before I can excuse myself, the master of ceremonies appears at our table, and with him—if I’m not mistaken—is Miss European Pigtails. What’s her name? Hansel, Gretel... Gretchen. She’s masked of course, but I know it’s her when her gaze doesn’t move beyond Christian. She blushes, and selfishly I’m beyond pleased that Christian doesn’t acknowledge her at all.
The MC asks for our envelope and with a very practiced and eloquent flourish, asks Grace to pull out the winning bill. It’s Sean’s, and the silk-wrapped basket is awarded to him. I applaud politely, but I’m finding it impossible to concentrate on any more of the proceedings. “If you’ll excuse me,” I murmur to Christian. He looks at me intently. “Do you need the powder room?” I nod. “I’ll show you,” he says darkly. When I stand, all the other men round the table stand with me. Oh, such manners. “No, Christian! You’re not taking Ana—I will.” Mia is on her feet before Christian can protest. His jaw tenses, I know he’s not pleased. Quite frankly, neither am I. I have... needs. I shrug apologetically at him, and he sits down quickly, resigned. On our return, I feel a little better, though the relief of removing the balls has not been as instantaneous as I’d hoped. They’re now stashed safely in my clutch purse. Why did I think I could last the whole evening? I am still yearning—perhaps I can persuade Christian to take me to the boathouse later. I flush at the thought and glance at him as I take my seat. He stares at me, the ghost of a smile crossing his lips. Phew... he’s no longer mad at a missed opportunity, though maybe I am. I feel frustrated—irritable even. Christian squeezes my hand, and we both listen attentively to Carrick, who is back on stage talking about Coping Together. Christian passes me another card—a list of the auction prizes. I scan them quickly.
Holy shit. I blink up at Christian. “You own property in Aspen?” I hiss. The auction is underway, and I have to keep my voice down. He nods, surprised at my outburst and irritated, I think. He puts his finger to his lips to silence me. “Do you have property elsewhere?” I whisper.He nods again and inclines his head to one side in a warning. The whole room erupts with cheering and applause; one of the prizes has gone for twelve thousand dollars. “I’ll tell you later,” Christian says quietly. “I wanted to come with you,” he adds rather sulkily. Well, you didn’t. I pout and I realize that I’m still querulous, and no doubt, it’s the frustrating effect of the balls. My mood darkens after seeing Mrs. Robinson on the list of generous donors. I glance around the marquee to see if I can spot her, but I can’t see her telltale hair. Surely Christian would have warned me if she was invited tonight. I sit and stew, applauding when necessary, as each lot is sold for astonishing amounts of money.
The bidding moves to Christian’s place in Aspen and reaches twenty thousand dollars. “Going once, going twice,” the MC calls. And I don’t know what possesses me, but I suddenly hear my own voice ringing out clearly over the throng. “Twenty-four thousand dollars!” Every mask at the table turns to me in shocked amazement, the biggest reaction of all coming from beside me. I hear his sharp intake of breath and feel his wrath washing over me like a tidal wave. “Twenty-four thousand dollars, to the lovely lady in silver, going once, going twice... Sold!” Holy shit, did I really just do that? It must be the alcohol. I’ve had champagne plus four glasses of four different wines. I glance up at Christian who’s busy applauding. Crap, he’s going to be so angry, and we’ve been getting on so well. My subconscious has finally decided to make an appearance, and she’s wearing her Edvard Munch Scream face. Christian leans over to me, a large fake smile plastered across his face. He kisses my cheek and then moves closer to whisper in my ear in a very cold, controlled voice. “I don’t know whether to worship at your feet or spank the living shit out of you.” Oh, I know what I want right now. I gaze up at him, blinking through my mask. I just wish I could read what’s in his eyes.
“I’ll take option two, please,” I whisper frantically as the applause dies down. His lips part as he inhales sharply. Oh that chiseled mouth—I want it on me, now. I ache for him. He gives me a radiant sincere smile that leaves me breathless. “Suffering, are you? We’ll have to see what we can do about that,” he murmurs as he runs his fingers along my jaw. His touch resonates deep, deep inside where that ache has spawned and grown. I want to jump him right here, right now, but we sit back to watch the auction of the next lot. I can barely sit still. Christian drapes an arm around my shoulders, his thumb rhythmically stroking my back, sending delicious tingles down my spine. His free hand clasps mine, bringing it to his lips, then letting it rest on his lap. Slowly and surreptitiously, so I don’t realize his game until it’s too late, he eases my hand up his leg and against his erection. I gasp, and my eyes dart in panic around the table, but all eyes are fixed on the stage. Thank heavens for my mask. Taking full advantage, I slowly caress him, letting my fingers explore. Christian keeps his hand over mine, hiding my bold fingers, while his thumb skates softly over the nape of my neck. His mouth opens as he gasps softly, and it’s the only reaction I can see to my inexperienced touch. But it means so much. He wants me. Everything south of my navel contracts. This is becoming unbearable. A week by Lake Adriana in Montana is the final lot for auction. Of course Mr. and Dr. Grey have a house in Montana, and the bidding escalates rapidly, but I am barely aware of it. I feel him growing beneath my fingers, and it makes me feel so powerful. “Sold, for one hundred ten thousand dollars!” the MC declares victoriously. The whole room bursts into applause, and reluctantly I follow as does Christian, ruining our fun. He turns to me and his lips twitch. “Ready?” he mouths over the rapturous cheering. “Yes,” I mouth back “Ana!” Mia calls. “It’s time!” What? No. Not again! “Time for what?” “The First Dance Auction. Come on!” She stands and holds out her hand. I glance at Christian who is, I think, scowling at Mia, and I don’t know whether to laugh or cry, but it’s laughter that wins. I succumb to a cathartic bubble of schoolgirl giggles, as we are thwarted once more by the tall, pink powerhouse that is Mia Grey. Christian peers at me, and after a beat, there’s a ghost of a smile on his lips.
“The first dance will be with me, okay? And it won’t be on the dance floor,” he murmurs lasciviously into my ear. My giggles subside as anticipation fans the flames of my need. Oh, yes! My inner goddess performs a perfect triple Salchow in her ice skates. “I look forward to it.” I lean over and plant a soft, chaste kiss on his mouth. Glancing around, I realize that our fellow guests at the table are astonished. Of course, they’ve never seen Christian with a date before. He smiles broadly at me. And he looks... happy. Wow. “Come on, Ana,” Mia nags. Taking her outstretched hand, I follow her onto the stage where ten more young women have assembled, and I note with vague unease that Lily is one of them. “Gentlemen, the highlight of the evening!” the MC booms over the babble of voices. “The moment you’ve all been waiting for! These twelve lovely ladies have all agreed to auction their first dance to the highest bidder!” Oh no. I blush from head to toe. I hadn’t realized what this meant. How humiliating! “It’s for a good cause,” Mia hisses at me, sensing my discomfort. “Besides, Christian will win.” She rolls her eyes. “I can’t imagine him letting anyone outbid him. He hasn’t taken his eyes off you all evening.” Yes, focus on the good cause, and Christian is bound to win. Let’s face it, he’s not short of a dime or two. But it means spending more money on you! my subconscious snarls at me. But I don’t want to dance with anyone else—I can’t dance with anyone else—and it’s not spending money on me, he’s donating it to the charity. Like the twenty-four thousand dollars he’s already spent? My subconscious narrows her eyes. Shit. I seem to have gotten away with my impulsive bid. Why am I arguing with myself? “Now, gentlemen, pray gather round, and take a good look at what could be yours for the first dance. Twelve comely and compliant wenches.” Jeez! I feel like I’m in a meat market. I watch, horrified, as at least twenty men make their way to the stage area, Christian included, moving with easy grace between the tables and pausing to say a few hellos on the way. Once the bidders are assembled, the MC begins. “Ladies and gentlemen, in the tradition of the masquerade we shall maintain the mystery behind the masks and stick to first names only. First up we have the lovely Jada.” Jada is giggling like a schoolgirl, too. Maybe I won’t be so out of place. She’s dressed head to foot in navy taffeta with a matching mask. Two young men step forward expectantly. Lucky Jada. “Jada speaks fluent Japanese, is a qualified fighter pilot, and an Olympic gymnast... hmm.” The MC winks. “Gentleman, what am I bid?”
Jada gapes, astounded at the MC; obviously, he’s talking complete garbage. She grins shyly back at the two contenders. “A thousand bucks!” one calls. Very quickly the bidding escalates to five thousand dollars. “Going once... going twice... sold!” the MC declares loudly, “to the gentleman in the mask!” And of course all the men are wearing masks so there are hoots of laughter, applause, and cheering. Jada beams at her purchaser and quickly exits the stage. “See? This is fun!” whispers Mia. “I hope Christian wins you, though... We don’t want a brawl,” she adds. “Brawl?” I answer horrified. “Oh yes. He was very hot-headed when he was younger.” She shudders. Christian brawling? Refined, sophisticated, likes-Tudor-choral-music Christian? I can’t see it. The MC distracts me with his next introduction—a young woman in red, with long jet-black hair. “Gentlemen, may I present the wonderful Mariah. What are we going to do about Mariah? She’s an experienced matador, plays the cello to concert standard, and she’s a champion pole-vaulter... how about that, gentlemen? What am I bid, please, for a dance with the delightful Mariah?” Mariah glares at the MC and someone yells, very loudly, “Three thousand dollars!” It’s a masked man with blond hair and beard. There is one counter-bid, but Mariah sells for four thousand dollars. Christian is watching me like a hawk. Brawler Trevelyan-Grey—who would have known? “How long ago?” I ask Mia. She glances at me, nonplussed. “How long ago was Christian brawling?” “Early teens. Drove my parents crazy, coming home with cut lips and black eyes. He was expelled from two schools. He inflicted some serious damage on his opponents.” I gape at her. “Hasn’t he told you?” She sighs. “He got quite a bad rep among my friends. He was really persona non grata for a few years. But it stopped when he was about fifteen or sixteen.” She shrugs. Holy fuck. Another piece of the jigsaw falls into place.
“So, what am I bid for the gorgeous Jill?” “Four thousand dollars,” a deep voice calls from the left side. Jill squeals in delight. I stop paying attention to the auction. So Christian was in that kind of trouble at school, fighting. I wonder why. I stare at him. Lily is watching us closely. “And now, allow me to introduce the beautiful Ana.” Oh shit, that’s me. I glance nervously at Mia, and she shoos me center stage. Fortunately, I don’t fall over, but stand embarrassed as hell on display for everyone. When I look at Christian, he’s smirking at me. The bastard. “Beautiful Ana plays six musical instruments, speaks fluent Mandarin, and is keen on yoga... well, gentlemen—” Before he can even finish his sentence Christian interrupts him, glaring at the MC through his mask. “Ten thousand dollars.” I hear Lily’s gasp of disbelief behind me. Oh fuck. “Fifteen.” What? We all turn as one to a tall, impeccably dressed man standing to the left of the stage. I blink at Fifty. Shit, what will he make of this? But he’s scratching his chin and giving the stranger an ironic smile. It’s obvious Christian knows him. The stranger nods politely at Christian. “Well, gentlemen! We have high rollers in the house this evening.” The MC’s excitement emanates through his harlequin mask as he turns to beam at Christian. This is a great show, but it’s at my expense. I want to wail. “Twenty,” counters Christian quietly. The babble of the crowd has died. Everyone is staring at me, Christian, and Mr. Mysterious by the stage. “Twenty-five,” the stranger says. Could this be any more embarrassing? Christian stares at him impassively, but he’s amused. All eyes are on Christian. What’s he going to do? My heart is in my mouth. I feel sick. “One hundred thousand dollars,” he says his voice ringing clear and loud through the marquee. “What the fuck?” Lily hisses audibly behind me, and a general gasp of dismay and amusement ripples through the crowd. The stranger holds his hands up in defeat, laughing, and Christian smirks at him.
From the corner of my eye, I can see Mia bouncing up and down with glee. My subconscious is gazing at Christian, utterly gobsmacked. “One-hundred thousand dollars for the lovely Ana! Going once... going twice...” The MC stares at the stranger who shakes his head with mock regret and bows chivalrously. “Sold!” the MC cries out triumphantly. In a deafening round of applause and cheering, Christian steps forward to take my hand and help me from the stage. He gazes at me with an amused grin as I make my way down, kisses the back of my hand then tucks it into the crook of his arm, and leads me toward the marquee’s exit. “Who was that?” I ask. He gazes down at me. “Someone you can meet later. Right now, I want to show you something. We have about thirty minutes until the First Dance Auction finishes. Then we have to be back on the dance floor so that I can enjoy that dance I’ve paid for.” “A very expensive dance,” I mutter disapprovingly. “I’m sure it’ll be worth every single cent.” He smiles down at me wickedly. Oh, he has a glorious smile, and the ache is back, blossoming in my body. We’re out on the lawn. I thought we would be heading to the boathouse, but disappointingly we seem to be heading for the dance floor where the big band is now setting up. There are at least twenty musicians, and a few guests are milling about, furtively smoking—but since most of the action is back in the marquee, we don’t attract too much attention. Christian leads me to the rear of the house and opens a French window leading into a large comfortable sitting room that I’ve not seen before. He walks through the deserted hall toward the sweeping staircase with its elegant, polished wooden balustrade. Taking my hand from the crook of his arm, he leads me up to the second floor and up another flight of stairs to the third. Opening a white door, he ushers me into one of the bedrooms. “This was my room,” he says quietly, standing by the door and locking it behind him. It’s large, stark, and sparsely furnished. The walls are white as is the furniture; a spacious double bed, a desk and chair, shelves crammed with books and lined with various trophies for kickboxing by the look of them. The walls are hung with movie posters: The Matrix, Fight Club, The Truman Show, and two framed posters featuring kick boxers. One is named Guiseppe DeNatale—I’ve never heard of him. But what catches my eye is the white pin board above the desk, studded with a myriad of photographs, Mariners pennants, and ticket stubs. It’s a slice of young Christian. My eyes come back to the magnificent, beautiful man now standing in the center of the room. He looks at me darkly, brooding and sexy. “I’ve never brought a girl in here,” he murmurs.
“Never?” I whisper. He shakes his head. I swallow convulsively, and the ache that has been bothering me for the last couple of hours is roaring now, raw and wanting. Seeing him standing there on the royal blue carpet in that mask... it’s beyond erotic. I want him. Now. Any way I can get him. I have to resist launching myself at him and ripping his clothes off. He waltzes over to me slowly. “We don’t have long, Anastasia, and the way I’m feeling right this moment, we won’t need long. Turn round. Let me get you out of that dress.” I turn and stare at the door, grateful that he’s locked it. Bending down he whispers softly in my ear, “Keep the mask on.” I groan as my body clenches in response. He’s not even touched me yet. He grasps the top of my dress, his fingers sliding against my skin, and the touch reverberates through my body. In one swift move, he opens the zipper. Holding my dress, he helps me to step out of it, then turns and drapes it artfully over the back of a chair. Removing his jacket, he places it over my dress. He pauses, and stares at me for a moment, drinking me in. I’m in the basque and matching panties, and I revel in his sensuous gaze. “You know, Anastasia,” he says softly as he stalks toward me, undoing his bow tie so it hangs from either side of his neck, then undoing the top three buttons of his shirt. “I was so mad when you bought my auction lot. All manner of ideas ran through my head. I had to remind myself that punishment is off the menu. But then you volunteered.” He gazes down at me through his mask. “Why did you do that?” he whispers. “Volunteer? I don’t know. Frustration... too much alcohol... worthy cause,” I mutter meekly, shrugging. Maybe to get his attention? I needed him then. I need him more now. The ache is worse, and I know he can soothe it, calm this roaring, salivating beast in me with the beast in him. His mouth presses into a line, and he slowly licks his upper lip. I want that tongue on me. “I vowed to myself I would not spank you again, even if you begged me.” “Please,” I beg. “But then I realized, you’re probably very uncomfortable at the moment, and it’s not something you’re used to.” He smirks at me knowingly, arrogant bastard, but I don’t care because he’s absolutely right. “Yes,” I breathe. “So, there might be a certain... latitude. If I do this, you must promise me one thing.”
“Anything.” “You will safe word if you need to, and I will just make love to you, okay?” “Yes.” I’m panting. I want his hands on me. He swallows, then takes my hand, and moves toward the bed. Throwing the duvet aside, he sits down, grabs a pillow, and places it beside him. He gazes up at me standing beside him and suddenly tugs hard on my hand so that I fall across his lap. He shifts slightly so my body is resting on the bed, my chest on the pillow, my face to one side. Leaning over, he sweeps my hair over my shoulder and runs his fingers through the plume of feathers on my mask. “Put your hands behind your back,” he murmurs. Oh! He removes his bow tie and uses it to quickly bind my wrists so that my hands are tied behind me, resting in the small of my back. “You really want this, Anastasia?” I close my eyes. This is the first time since I met him that I really want this. I need it. “Yes,” I whisper. “Why?” he asks softly as he caresses my behind with his palm. I groan as soon as his hand makes contact with my skin. I don’t know why... You tell me not to overthink. After a day like today—arguing about the money, Leila, Mrs. Robinson, the dossier on me, the roadmap, this lavish party, the masks, the alcohol, the silver balls, the auction... I want this. “Do I need a reason?” “No, baby, you don’t,” he says. “I’m just trying to understand you.” His left hand curls round my waist, holding me in place as his palm leaves my behind and lands hard, just above the junction of my thighs. The pain connects directly with the ache in my belly Oh man... I moan loudly. He hits me again, in exactly the same place. I groan again. “Two,” he murmurs. “We’ll go with twelve.” Oh my! This feels different than the last time—so carnal, so... necessary. He caresses my behind with his long-fingered hands, and I’m helpless, trussed up and pressed into the mattress, at his mercy, and of my own free will. He hits me again, slightly to the side, and again, to the other side, then pauses as he slowly peels my panties down and pulls them off. He gently trails his palm across my behind again before continuing my spanking—each stinging smack taking the edge off my need—or fueling it—I don’t know. I surrender myself to the rhythm of blows, absorbing each one, savoring each one.
“Twelve,” he murmurs his voice low and harsh. He caresses my behind again and trails his fingers down toward my sex and slowly sinks two fingers inside me, moving them in a circle, round and round and round, torturing me. I moan loudly as my body takes over, and I come and come, convulsing around his fingers. It’s so intense, unexpected, and quick. “That’s right, baby,” he murmurs appreciatively. He unties my wrists, keeping his fingers inside me as I lie panting and spent over him. “I’ve not finished with you yet, Anastasia,” he says and shifts without removing his fingers. He eases my knees on to the floor so that now I’m leaning over the bed. He kneels on the floor behind me and undoes his zipper. He slides his fingers out of me, and I hear the familiar tear of a foil packet. “Open your legs,” he growls and I comply. He strokes my behind and eases into me. “This is going to be quick, baby,” he murmurs and grabbing my hips, he eases out then slams into me. “Ah!” I cry out but the fullness is heavenly. He’s hitting the bellyache square on, again and again, eradicating it with each sharp, sweet thrust. The feeling is mind-blowing, just what I need. I push back to meet him, thrust for thrust. “Ana, no,” he grunts, trying to still me. But I want him too much, and I grind against him, matching him thrust for thrust. “Ana, shit,” he hisses as he comes, and the tortured sound sets me off again, spiraling into a healing orgasm that goes on and on and wrings me out and leaves me spent and breathless. Christian bends and kisses my shoulder then pulls out of me. Placing his arms around me, he rests his head in the middle of my back, and we lie like this, both kneeling at the bedside, for what? Seconds? Minutes even as our breathing calms. My bellyache has disappeared, and all I feel is a soothing, satisfying serenity. Christian stirs and kisses my back. “I believe you owe me a dance, Miss Steele,” he murmurs. “Hmm,” I respond, savoring the absence of achiness and basking in the afterglow. He sits back on his heels and pulls me off the bed onto his lap. “We don’t have long. Come on.” He kisses my hair and forces me to stand. I grumble but sit back down on the bed and collect my panties from the floor and scoop them on. Lazily I walk to the chair to retrieve my dress. I note with dispassionate interest that I did not remove my shoes during our illicit tryst. Christian is tying his bow tie, having finished straightening himself and the bed. As I slip my dress back on, I check out the photographs on the pin board. Christian as a sullen teen was gorgeous even then: with Elliot and Mia on the ski slopes; on his own in Paris, the Arc de Triomphe serving as a giveaway background; in London; New York; the Grand Canyon; Sydney Opera House; even the Great Wall of China. Master Grey was well traveled at a young age.
There are ticket stubs to various concerts: U2, Metallica, The Verve, Sheryl Crow, the New York Philharmonic performing Prokofiev’s Romeo and Juliet—what an eclectic mix! And in the corner, there’s a passport-size photograph of a young woman. It’s in black and white. She looks familiar, but for the life of me, I can’t place her. Not Mrs. Robinson, thank heavens. “Who’s this?” I ask. “No one of consequence,” he mutters as he slips on his jacket and straightens his bow tie. “Shall I zip you up?” “Please. Then why is she on your pin board?” “An oversight on my part. How’s my tie?” He raises his chin like a small boy, and I grin and straighten it for him. “Now it’s perfect.” “Like you,” he murmurs and grabs me, kissing me passionately. “Feeling better?” “Much, thank you, Mr. Grey.” “The pleasure was all mine, Miss Steele.” The guests are assembling on the dance floor. Christian grins at me—we’ve made it just in time—and he leads me onto the checkered floor. “And now, ladies and gentlemen, it’s time for the first dance. Mr. and Dr. Grey, are you ready?” Carrick nods in agreement, his arms around Grace. “Ladies and gentlemen of the First Dance Auction, are you ready?” We all nod in agreement. Mia is with someone I don’t recognize. I wonder what happened to Sean? “Then we shall begin. Take it away, Sam!” A young man strolls onto the stage amid warm applause, turns to the band behind him and snaps his fingers. The familiar strains of “I’ve Got You Under My Skin” fill the air. Christian smiles down at me, takes me in his arms, and starts to move. Oh, he dances so well, making it easy to follow. We grin at each other like idiots as he whirls me around the dance floor. “I love this song,” Christian murmurs, gazing down at me. “Seems very fitting.” He’s no longer grinning, but serious. “You’re under my skin, too,” I respond. “Or you were in your bedroom.” He purses his lips but he’s unable to hide his amusement.
“Miss Steele,” he admonishes me teasingly, “I had no idea you could be so crude.” “Mr. Grey, neither did I. I think it’s all my recent experiences. They’ve been an education.” “For both of us.” Christian is serious again, and it could just be the two of us and the band. We are in our own private bubble. As the song finishes we both applaud. Sam the singer bows graciously and introduces his band. “May I cut in?” I recognize the man who bid on me at the auction. Christian grudgingly lets me go, but he’s amused, too. “Be my guest. Anastasia, this is John Flynn. John, Anastasia.” Shit! Christian smirks at me and wanders off to one side of the dance floor. “How do you do, Anastasia?” Dr. Flynn says smoothly, and I realize he’s British. “Hello,” I stutter. The band strikes up another song, and Dr. Flynn pulls me into his arms. He’s much younger than I imagined, though I can’t see his face. He’s wearing a mask similar to Christian’s. He’s tall, but not as tall as Christian, and he doesn’t move with Christian’s easy grace. What do I say to him? Why is Christian so fucked-up? Why did he bid on me? It’s the only thing I want to ask him, but somehow that seems rude. “I’m glad to finally meet you, Anastasia. Are you enjoying yourself?” he asks. “I was,” I whisper. “Oh. I hope I’m not responsible for your change of heart.” He gives me a brief, warm smile that puts me a little more at ease. “Doctor Flynn, you’re the shrink. You tell me.” He grins. “That’s the problem, isn’t it? The shrink bit?” I giggle. “I’m worried what I might reveal, so I’m a little self-conscious and intimidated. And really I only want to ask you about Christian.” He smiles. “First, this is a party so I’m not on duty,” he whispers conspiratorially. “And second, I really can’t talk to you about Christian. Besides,” he teases, “we’d need until Christmas.”
I gasp in shock. “That’s a doctor’s joke, Anastasia.” I flush, embarrassed, and then feel slightly resentful. He’s making a joke at Christian’s expense. “You’ve just confirmed what I’ve been saying to Christian... that you’re an expensive charlatan,” I admonish him. Dr. Flynn snorts with laughter. “You could be onto something there.” “You’re British?” “Yes. Originally from London.” “How did you find yourself here?” “Happy circumstance.” “You don’t give much away, do you?” “There’s not much to give away. I’m really a very dull person.” “That’s very self-deprecating.” “It’s a British trait. Part of our national character.” “Oh.” “And I could accuse you of the same, Anastasia.” “That I’m a dull person, too, Dr. Flynn?” He snorts. “No, Anastasia, that you don’t give much away.” “There’s not much to give away.” I smile. “I sincerely doubt that.” He unexpectedly frowns. I flush, but the music finishes and Christian is once more by my side. Dr. Flynn releases me. “It’s been a pleasure to meet you, Anastasia.” He gives me his warm smile again, and I feel that I’ve passed some kind of hidden test. “John.” Christian nods at him. “Christian.” Dr. Flynn returns his nod, turns on his heel, and disappears through the crowd. Christian pulls me into his arms for the next dance.
“He’s much younger than I expected,” I murmur to him. “And terribly indiscreet.” Christian cocks his head to one side. “Indiscreet?” “Oh yes, he told me everything,” I tease. Christian tenses. “Well, in that case, I’ll get your bag. I’m sure you want nothing more to do with me,” he says softly. I stop. “He didn’t tell me anything!” My voice fills with panic. Christian blinks before relief floods his face. He pulls me into his arms again. “Then let’s enjoy this dance.” He beams down, reassuring me, then spins me round. Why would he think that I’d want to leave? It makes no sense. We dance for two more numbers, and I realize I need the restroom. “I won’t be long.” As I make my way to the powder room, I remember I have left my purse on the dinner table, so I head down to the marquee. When I enter, it’s still lit but quite deserted, except for a couple at the other end, who really ought to get a room! I reach for my bag. “Anastasia?” A soft voice startles me, and I turn to see a woman dressed in a long, tight, black velvet gown. Her mask is unique. It covers her face to her nose but also covers her hair. It’s stunning with elaborate gold filigree. “I’m so glad you’re on your own,” she says softly. “I’ve been wanting to talk to you all evening.” “I’m sorry, I don’t know who you are.” She pulls the mask from her face and releases her hair. Shit! It’s Mrs. Robinson. “I’m sorry, I startled you.” I gape at her. Holy cow—what the fuck does this woman want? I don’t know what the social conventions are for meeting known molesters of children. She’s smiling sweetly and gesturing for me to sit at the table. And because I am lacking any sphere of reference, I do as she asks out of stunned politeness, grateful that I am still wearing my mask. “I’ll be brief, Anastasia. I know what you think of me... Christian’s told me.”
I gaze at her impassively, giving nothing away, but I’m pleased that she knows. It saves me telling her, and she’s cutting to the chase. Part of me is beyond intrigued as to what she could have to say. She pauses, glancing over my shoulder. “Taylor’s watching us.” I peek around to see him scanning the tent by the doorway. Sawyer is with him. They are looking anywhere but at us. “Look, we don’t have long,” she says hurriedly. “It must be obvious to you that Christian is in love with you. I have never seen him like this, ever.” She emphasizes the last word. What? Loves me? No. Why is she telling me? To reassure me? I don’t understand. “He won’t tell you because he probably doesn’t realize it himself, notwithstanding what I’ve said to him, but that’s Christian. He’s not very attuned to any positive feelings and emotions he may have. He dwells far too much on the negative. But then you’ve probably worked that out for yourself. He doesn’t think he’s worthy.” I am reeling. Christian loves me? He hasn’t said it, and this woman has told him that’s how he feels? How bizarre. A hundred images dance through my head: the iPad, the gliding, flying to see me, all his actions, his possessiveness, one hundred thousand dollars for a dance. Is this love? And hearing it from this woman, having her confirm it for me is, frankly, unwelcome. I’d rather hear it from him. My heart constricts. He feels unworthy? Why? “I’ve never seen him so happy, and it’s obvious that you have feelings for him, too.” A brief smile flits across her lips. “That’s great, and I wish you both the best of everything. But what I wanted to say is if you hurt him again, I will find you, lady, and it won’t be pleasant when I do.” She stares at me, ice-cold blue eyes boring into my skull, trying to get under my mask. Her threat is so astonishing, so off the wall that an involuntary, disbelieving giggle escapes me. Of all the things she could say to me, this is the least expected. “You think this is funny, Anastasia?” she splutters in dismay. “You didn’t see him last Saturday.” My face falls and darkens. The thought of Christian unhappy is not a palatable one, and last Saturday I left him. He must have gone to her. The idea makes me queasy. Why am I sitting here listening to this shit from her of all people? I slowly rise, gazing at her intently. “I’m laughing at your audacity, Mrs. Lincoln. Christian and I have nothing to do with you. And if I do leave him and you come looking for me, I’ll be waiting—don’t doubt it. And maybe I’ll give you a taste of your own medicine on behalf of the fifteen-year-old child you molested and probably fucked-up even more than he already was.”
Her mouth falls open. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have better things to do than waste my time with you.” I turn on my heel, adrenaline and anger coursing through my body, and stalk toward the entrance of the tent where Taylor is standing just as Christian arrives, looking flustered and worried. “There you are,” he mutters, then frowns when he sees Elena. I stride past him, saying nothing, giving him the opportunity to choose—her or me. He makes the right choice. “Ana,” he calls. I stop and face him as he catches up with me. “What’s wrong?” He gazes down at me, concern etched on his face. “Why don’t you ask your ex?” I hiss acidly. His mouth twists and his eyes frost. “I’m asking you,” he says, his voice soft but with an undertone of something far more menacing. We glare at each other. Okay, I can see this will end in a fight if I don’t tell him. “She’s threatening to come after me if I hurt you again—probably with a whip,” I snap at him. Relief flashes across his face, his mouth softening with humor. “Surely the irony of that isn’t lost on you?” he says, and I can tell he’s trying hard to stifle his amusement. “This isn’t funny, Christian!” “No, you’re right. I’ll talk to her.” He adopts his serious face, though he’s still suppressing his amusement. “You will do no such thing.” I fold my arms, my anger spiking again. He blinks at me, surprised by my outburst. “Look, I know you’re tied up with her financially, forgive the pun, but—” I stop. What am I asking him to do? Give her up? Stop seeing her? Can I do that? “I need the restroom.” I glare up at him, my mouth set in a grim line. He sighs and cocks his head to one side. Could he look any hotter? Is it the mask or just him? “Please don’t be mad. I didn’t know she was here. She said she wasn’t coming.” His tone is placating as if he’s talking to a child. Reaching up he runs his thumb along my pouting bottom lip. “Don’t let Elena ruin our evening, please, Anastasia. She’s really old news.”
Old being the operative word, I think uncharitably, as he tips my chin up and gently grazes his lips against mine. I sigh in agreement, blinking up at him. He straightens and takes my elbow. “I’ll accompany you to the powder room so you don’t get interrupted again.” He leads me across the lawn toward the luxurious temporary restrooms. Mia said they had been delivered for the occasion, but I had no idea they came in deluxe versions. “I’ll wait here for you, baby,” he murmurs. When I come out, my mood has moderated. I have decided not to let Mrs. Robinson blight my evening because that’s probably what she wants. Christian is on the phone some distance away and out of earshot of the few people laughing and chatting nearby. As I get closer, I can hear him. He’s very terse. “Why did you change your mind? I thought we’d agreed. Well, leave her alone... This is the first regular relationship I’ve ever had, and I don’t want you jeopardizing it through some misplaced concern for me. Leave. Her. Alone. I mean it, Elena.” He pauses, listening. “No, of course not.” He frowns deeply as he says this. Glancing up, he sees me regarding him. “I have to go. Goodnight.” He presses the off button. I cock my head to one side and raise an eyebrow at him. Why is he phoning her? “How’s the old news?” “Cranky,” he replies sardonically. “Do you want to dance some more? Or would you like to go?” He glances at his watch. “The fireworks start in five minutes.” “I love fireworks.” “We’ll stay and watch them, then.” He puts his arms around me and pulls me close. “Don’t let her come between us, please.” “She cares about you,” I mutter. “Yes, and I her... as a friend.” “I think it’s more than a friendship to her.” His brow furrows. “Anastasia, Elena and I... it’s complicated. We have a shared history. But it is just that, history. As I’ve said to you time and time again, she’s a good friend. That’s all. Please, forget about her.” He kisses my hair, and in the interest of not ruining our evening, I let it go. I am just trying to understand. We wander hand in hand back to the dance floor. The band is still in full swing. “Anastasia.” I turn to find Carrick standing behind us.
“I wondered if you’d do me the honor of the next dance.” Carrick holds his hand out to me. Christian shrugs and smiles, releasing my hand, and I let Carrick lead me onto the dance floor. Sam the bandleader launches into “Come Fly with Me,” and Carrick puts his arm around my waist and gently whirls me into the throng. “I wanted to thank you for the generous contribution to our charity, Anastasia.” From his tone, I suspect this is his roundabout way of asking whether I can afford it. “Mr. Grey—” “Call me Carrick, please, Ana.” “I’m delighted to be able to contribute. I unexpectedly came into some money. I don’t need it. And it’s such a worthy cause.” He smiles down at me, and I seize the opportunity for some innocent inquiries. Carpe diem, my subconscious hisses from behind her hand. “Christian told me a little about his past, so I think it’s appropriate to support your work,” I add, hoping that this might encourage Carrick to give me a small insight into the mystery that is his son. Carrick is surprised. “Did he? That’s unusual. You certainly have had a very positive effect on him, Anastasia. I don’t think I’ve ever seen him so, so... buoyant.” I flush. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you.” “Well, in my limited experience, he’s a very unusual man,” I murmur. “He is,” Carrick agrees quietly. “Christian’s early childhood sounds hideously traumatic, from what he’s told me.” Carrick frowns, and I worry if I’ve overstepped the mark. “My wife was the doctor on duty when the police brought him in. He was skin and bones, and badly dehydrated. He wouldn’t speak.” Carrick frowns again, lost in the awful memory, despite the up-tempo music surrounding us. “In fact, he didn’t speak for nearly two years. It was playing the piano that eventually brought him out of himself. Oh, and Mia’s arrival, of course.” He smiles down at me fondly. “He plays beautifully. And he’s accomplished so much, you must be very proud of him.” I sound distracted. Holy Shit. Didn’t speak for two years.
“Immensely so. He’s a very determined, very capable, very bright young man. But between you and me, Anastasia, it’s seeing him like he is this evening—carefree, acting his age—that’s the real thrill for his mother and me. We were both commenting on it today. I believe we have you to thank for that.” I think I blush to my roots. What am I supposed to say to this? “He’s always been such a loner. We never thought we’d see him with anyone. Whatever you’re doing, please don’t stop. We’d like to see him happy.” He stops suddenly as if he’s overstepped the mark. “I’m sorry, I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable.” I shake my head. “I’d like to see him happy, too,” I mutter, unsure of what else to say. “Well, I’m very glad you came this evening. It’s been a real pleasure seeing the two of you together.” As the final strains of “Come Fly with Me” fade away, Carrick releases me and bows, and I curtsey, mirroring his civility. “That’s enough dancing with old men.” Christian is at my side again. Carrick laughs. “Less of the ‘old,’ son. I’ve been known to have my moments.” Carrick winks at me playfully and saunters into the crowd. “I think my dad likes you,” Christian mutters as he watches his father mingle with the crowd.. “What’s not to like?” I peek coquettishly up at him through my lashes. “Good point well made, Miss Steele.” He pulls me into an embrace as the band starts to play “It Had to Be You.” “Dance with me,” he whispers seductively. “With pleasure, Mr. Grey.” I smile in response, and he sweeps me across the dance floor once more. At midnight, we stroll down toward the shore between the marquee and the boathouse where the other partygoers are gathered to watch the fireworks. The MC, back in charge, has permitted the removal of masks, the better to see the display. Christian has his arm around me, but I’m aware that Taylor and Sawyer are close by, probably because we’re in the crowd now. They are looking anywhere but at the dockside where two pyrotechnicians dressed in black are making their final preparations. Seeing Taylor reminds me of Leila. Perhaps she’s here. Shit. The thought chills my blood, and I huddle closer to Christian. He gazes down at me as he pulls me closer. “You okay, baby? Cold?” “I’m fine.” I glance quickly behind us and see the other two security guys, whose names I forget, standing close by. Moving me in front of him, Christian puts both his arms around me over my shoulders.
Suddenly, a stirring classical soundtrack booms over the dock and two rockets soar into the air, exploding with a deafening bang over the bay, lighting it all in a dazzling canopy of sparkling orange and white that’s reflected in a glittering shower over the still calm water of the bay. My jaw drops as several more rockets fire into the air and explode in a kaleidoscope of color. I can’t recall ever seeing a display this impressive, except perhaps on television, and it never looks this good on TV. They’re all in time to the music. Volley after volley, bang after bang, and light after light as the crowd answers with gasps and ooohs and ahhs. It is out of this world. On the pontoon in the bay several silver fountains of light shoot up twenty feet in the air, changing color through blue, red, orange, and back to silver—and yet more rockets explode as the music reaches its crescendo. My face is beginning to ache from the ridiculous grin of wonder plastered across it. I glance at Fifty, and he’s the same, marveling like a child at the sensational show. For the finale a volley of six rockets shoot into the dark and explode simultaneously, bathing us in a glorious golden light as the crowd erupts into frantic, enthusiastic applause. “Ladies and gentlemen,” the MC calls out as the cheers and whistles fade. “Just one note to add at the end of this wonderful evening; your generosity has raised a total of one million, eight hundred and fifty three thousand dollars!” Spontaneous applause erupts again, and out on the pontoon, a message lights up in silver streams of sparks forming the words Thank You From Coping Together, sparkling and shimmering over the water. “Oh, Christian... that was wonderful.” I grin up at him and he bends down to kiss me. “Time to go,” he murmurs, a broad smile on his beautiful face, and his words hold so much promise. Suddenly, I feel very tired. He glances up again, and Taylor is close, the crowd dispersing around us. They don’t speak but something passes between them. “Stay with me a moment. Taylor wants us to wait while the crowd disperses.” Oh. “I think that firework display probably aged him a hundred years,” he adds. “Doesn’t he like fireworks?” Christian gazes down at me fondly and shakes his head but doesn’t elaborate. “So, Aspen,” he says, and I know he’s trying to distract me from something. It works. “Oh... I haven’t paid for my bid,” I gasp.
“You can send a check. I have the address.” “You were really mad.” “Yes, I was.” I grin. “I blame you and your toys.” “You were quite overcome, Miss Steele. A most satisfactory outcome if I recall.” He smiles salaciously. “Incidentally, where are they?” “The silver balls? In my bag.” “I’d like them back.” He smirks down at me. “They are far too potent a device to be left in your innocent hands.” “Worried I might be quite overcome again, maybe with somebody else?” His eyes glitter dangerously. “I hope that’s not going to happen,” he says, a cool edge to his voice. “But no, Ana. I want all your pleasure.” Whoa. “Don’t you trust me?” “Implicitly. Now, can I have them back?” “I’ll think about it.” He narrows his eyes at me. There’s music once more from the dance floor but it’s a DJ playing a thumping dance number, the bass pounding out a relentless beat. “Do you want to dance?” “I’m really tired, Christian. I’d like to go, if that’s okay.” Christian glances at Taylor, who nods, and we set off toward the house, following a couple of drunken guests. I’m grateful when Christian takes my hand—my feet are aching from the dizzying height and tight confinement of my shoes. Mia comes bounding up to us. “You’re not going, are you? The real music’s just beginning. Come on, Ana.” She grabs my hand. “Mia,” Christian admonishes her. “Anastasia’s tired. We’re going home. Besides, we have a big day tomorrow.” We do?
Mia pouts but surprisingly doesn’t push Christian. “You must come by sometime next week. Maybe we can hit the mall?” “Sure, Mia.” I grin, though in the back of my mind I’m wondering how since I have to work for a living. She gives me a quick kiss then hugs Christian fiercely, taking us both by surprise. More astoundingly still, she places her hands directly on the lapels of his jacket, and he just gazes down at her, indulgently. “I like seeing you this happy,” she says sweetly and kisses him on the cheek. “Bye. You guys have fun.” She skips off toward her waiting friends—among them Lily, who looks even more sour-faced without her mask. I wonder idly where Sean is. “We’ll say goodnight to my parents before we leave. Come.” Christian leads me through a gaggle of guests to Grace and Carrick, who wish us fond and warm farewells. “Please do come again, Anastasia, it’s been lovely having you here,” says Grace kindly. I am a little overwhelmed by both her and Carrick’s reaction. Fortunately, Grace’s parents have retired for the evening, so at least I am spared their enthusiasm. Quietly, Christian and I walk hand in hand to the front of the house where countless cars are lined up and waiting to collect guests. I glance up at Fifty. He looks happy and relaxed. It’s a real pleasure to see him this way, though I suspect it’s unusual after such an extraordinary day. “Are you warm enough?” he asks. “Yes, thank you.” I clasp my satin wrap. “I really enjoyed this evening, Anastasia. Thank you.” “Me too, some parts more than others.” I grin. He grins and nods, then his brow creases. “Don’t bite your lip,” he warns in a way that makes my blood sing. “What did you mean about a big day tomorrow?” I ask to distract myself. “Dr. Greene is coming to sort you out. Plus, I have a surprise for you.” “Dr. Greene!” I halt. “Yes.” “Why?”
“Because I hate condoms,” he says quietly. His eyes glint in the soft light from the paper lanterns, gauging my reaction. “It’s my body,” I mutter, annoyed that he hasn’t asked me. “It’s mine, too,” he whispers. I gaze up at him as various guests pass by, ignoring us. He looks so earnest. Yes, my body is his... he knows it better than I do. I reach up, and he flinches ever so slightly but stays still. Grasping the corner of his bow tie, I pull so it unravels, revealing the top button of his shirt. Gently I undo it. “You look hot like this,” I whisper. Actually he looks hot all the time, but really hot like this. He smirks at me. “I need to get you home. Come.” At the car, Sawyer hands Christian an envelope. He frowns at it and glances at me as Taylor ushers me into the car. Taylor looks relieved for some reason. Christian climbs in and hands me the envelope, unopened, as Taylor and Sawyer take their seats in the front. “It’s addressed to you. One of the staff gave it to Sawyer. No doubt from yet another ensnared heart.” Christian’s mouth twists. It’s obvious this is an unpleasant concept to him. I stare at the note. Who is this from? Ripping it open, I read it quickly in the dim light. Holy shit, it’s from her! Why won’t she leave me alone? Fuck, she’s signed it Mrs. Robinson! He told her. The bastard. “You told her?” “Told who, what?” “That I call her Mrs. Robinson,” I snap. “It’s from Elena?” Christian is shocked. “This is ridiculous,” he grumbles, running a hand through his hair, and I can tell he’s irritated. “I’ll deal with her tomorrow. Or Monday,” he mutters bitterly.
And though I’m ashamed to admit it, a very small part of me is pleased. My subconscious nods sagely. Elena is pissing him off, and this can only be good—surely. I decide to say nothing for now but stash her note in my bag, and in a gesture guaranteed to lighten his mood, I hand him back the balls. “Until next time,” I murmur. He glances at me, and it’s hard to see his face in the dark, but I think he’s smirking. He reaches for my hand and squeezes it. I gaze out of the window into the darkness, reflecting on this long day. I’ve learned so much about him, gleaned so many missing details—the salons, the road map, his childhood—but there’s still so much more to discover. And what about Mrs. R? Yes, she cares for him, and deeply, it would appear. I can see that, and he cares for her—but not in the same way. I don’t know what to think anymore. All this information is making my head hurt. Christian wakes me just as we pull up outside Escala. “Do I need to carry you in?” he asks gently. I shake my head sleepily. No way. As we stand in the elevator, I lean against him, putting my head against his shoulder. Sawyer stands in front of us, shifting uncomfortably. “It’s been a long day, eh, Anastasia?” I nod. “Tired?” I nod. “You’re not very talkative.” I nod and he grins. “Come. I’ll put you to bed.” He takes my hand as we exit the elevator, but we stop in the foyer when Sawyer holds up his hand. In that split second, I am instantly wide awake. Sawyer talks into his sleeve. I had no idea that he was wearing a radio. “Will do, T,” he says and turns to face us. “Mr. Grey, the tires on Ms. Steele’s Audi have been slashed and paint thrown all over it.” Holy shit. My car! Who would do that? And I know the answer as soon as the question materializes in my mind. Leila. I glance up at Christian, and he blanches. “Taylor is concerned that the perp may have entered the apartment and may still be there. He wants to make sure.”
“I see,” Christian whispers. “What’s Taylor’s plan?” “He’s coming up in the service elevator with Ryan and Reynolds. They’ll do a sweep then give us the all clear. I’m to wait with you, sir.” “Thank you, Sawyer.” Christian tightens his arm around me. “This day just gets better and better,” he sighs bitterly, nuzzling my hair. “Listen, I can’t stand here and wait. Sawyer, take care of Miss Steele. Don’t let her in until you have the all clear. I am sure Taylor is overreacting. She can’t get into the apartment.” What? “No, Christian—you have to stay with me,” I plead. Christian releases me. “Do as you’re told, Anastasia. Wait here.” No! “Sawyer?” Christian says. Sawyer opens the foyer door to let Christian enter the apartment then shuts the door behind him and stands in front of it, staring impassively down at me. Holy shit. Christian! All manner of horrific outcomes run through my mind, but all I can do is stand and wait. Sawyer talks into his sleeve again. “Taylor, Mr. Grey has entered the apartment.” He flinches and grabs the earpiece, pulling it out of his ear, presumably receiving some powerful invective from Taylor.
Oh no—if Taylor is worried... “Please let me go in,” I plead. “Sorry, Miss Steele. This won’t take long.” Sawyer holds both hands up in a defensive gesture. “Taylor and the guys are just coming into the apartment now.” Oh. I feel so impotent. Standing stock-still, I listen avidly for the slightest sound, but all I hear is my aggravated breathing. It’s loud and shallow, my scalp prickles, my mouth is dry, and I feel faint. Please, let Christian be okay, I pray silently. I have no idea how much time passes, and still we hear nothing. Surely no sound is good—there are no gunshots. I begin pacing around the table in the foyer and examine the paintings on the walls to distract myself. I’ve never really looked at them before: all figurative paintings, all religious—the Madonna and child, all sixteen of them. How odd? Christian isn’t religious, is he? All of the paintings in the great room are abstracts—these are so different. They don’t distract me for long—Where is Christian? I stare at Sawyer and he watches me impassively. “What’s happening?” “No news, Miss Steele.” Abruptly, the doorknob moves. Sawyer spins like a top and draws a gun from his shoulder holster. I freeze. Christian appears at the door. “All clear,” he says, frowning at Sawyer, who puts his gun away immediately and steps back to let me in. “Taylor is overreacting,” Christian grumbles as he holds out his hand to me. I stand gaping at him, unable to move, drinking in every little detail: his unruly hair, the tightness round his eyes, the tense jaw, the top two buttons of his shirt undone. I think I must have aged ten years. Christian frowns at me in concern, his eyes dark. “It’s alright, baby.” He moves toward me, enveloping me in his arms, and kisses my hair. “Come on, you’re tired. Bed.” “I was so worried,” I murmur, rejoicing in his embrace and inhaling his sweet, sweet scent with my head against his chest. “I know. We’re all jumpy.” Sawyer has disappeared, presumably into the apartment.
“Honestly, your exes are proving to be very challenging, Mr. Grey,” I mutter wryly. Christian relaxes. “Yes. They are.” He releases me and taking my hand, leads me across the hallway and into the great room. “Taylor and his crew are checking all the closets and cupboards. I don’t think she’s here.” “Why would she be here?” It makes no sense. “Exactly.” “Could she get in?” “I don’t see how. But Taylor is overcautious sometimes.” “Have you searched your playroom?” I whisper. Christian glances quickly at me, his brow creasing. “Yes, it’s locked—but Taylor and I checked.” I take a deep, cleansing breath. “Do you want a drink or anything?” Christian asks. “No.” Fatigue sweeps through me—I just want to go to bed. “Come. Let me put you to bed. You look exhausted.” Christian’s expression softens. I frown. Isn’t he coming, too? Does he want to sleep alone? I’m relieved when he leads me into his bedroom. I place my clutch bag on the chest of drawers and open it to empty the contents. I spy Mrs. Robinson’s note. “Here.” I pass it to Christian. “I don’t know if you want to read this. I want to ignore it.” Christian scans it briefly and his jaw tenses. “I’m not sure what blanks she can fill in,” he says dismissively. “I need to talk to Taylor.” He gazes down at me. “Let me unzip your dress.” “Are you going to call the police about the car?” I ask as I turn around. He sweeps my hair out of the way, his fingers softly grazing my naked back, and tugs down my zipper. “No. I don’t want the police involved. Leila needs help, not police intervention, and I don’t want them here. We just have to double our efforts to find her.” He leans down and plants a gentle kiss on my shoulder.
“Go to bed,” he orders and then he’s gone. I lie, staring at the ceiling, waiting for him to return. So much has happened today, so much to process. Where to start? I wake with a jolt—disorientated. Have I been asleep? Blinking in the dim glow the hallway casts through the slightly open bedroom door, I notice that Christian is not with me. Where is he? I glance up. Standing at the end of the bed is a shadow. A woman, maybe? Dressed in black? It’s difficult to tell. In my befuddled state, I reach across and switch on the bedside light, then turn back to look but there’s no one there. I shake my head. Did I imagine it? Dream it? I sit up and look around the room, a vague, insidious unease gripping me—but I am quite alone. I rub my face. What time is it? Where’s Christian? The alarm says it’s two fifteen in the morning. Climbing groggily out of bed, I set off to hunt him down, disconcerted by my overactive imagination. I am seeing things now. It must be a reaction to the dramatic events of the evening. The main room is empty, the only light emanating from the three pendulum lamps above the breakfast bar. But his study door is ajar, and I hear him on the phone. “I don’t know why you’re calling at this hour. I have nothing to say to you... well, you can tell me now. You don’t have to leave a message.” I stand motionless by the door, eavesdropping guiltily. Who is he talking to? “No, you listen. I asked you, and now I am telling you. Leave her alone. She’s nothing to do with you. Do you understand?” He sounds belligerent and angry. I hesitate to knock. “I know you do. But I mean it, Elena. Leave her the fuck alone. Do I need to put it in triplicate for you? Are you hearing me?... Good. Good night.” He slams the phone down on the desk. Oh shit. I knock tentatively on the door. “What?” he snarls, and I almost want to run and hide. He sits at his desk with his head in his hands. He glances up, his expression ferocious, but his face softens immediately when he sees me. His eyes are wide and cautious. Suddenly, he looks so tired and my heart constricts. He blinks, and his eyes sweep down my legs and back again. I am wearing one of his T-shirts. “You should be in satin or silk, Anastasia,” he breathes. “But even in my T-shirt you look beautiful.”
Oh, an unexpected compliment. “I missed you. Come to bed.” He rises slowly out of the chair still in his white shirt and black dress pants. But now his eyes are shining and full of promise... but there’s a trace of sadness, too. He stands in front of me, staring intently but not touching me. “Do you know what you mean to me?” he murmurs. “If something happened to you, because of me...” His voice trails off, his brow creasing, and the pain that flashes across his face is almost palpable. He looks so vulnerable—his fear very much apparent. “Nothing’s going to happen to me,” I reassure him, my voice soothing. I reach up and stroke his face, running my fingers through the stubble on his cheek. It’s unexpectedly soft. “Your beard grows quickly,” I whisper, unable to hide the wonder in my voice at this beautiful, fucked-up man who stands before me. I trace the line of his bottom lip then trail my fingers down his throat, to the faint smudge of lipstick at the base of his neck. He gazes down at me, still not touching me, his lips parted. I run my index finger along the line, and he closes his eyes. His soft breathing quickens. My fingers reach the edge of his shirt, and I run them down to the next fastened button. “I’m not going to touch you. I just want to undo your shirt,” I whisper. His eyes open wide, regarding me with alarm. But he doesn’t move, and he doesn’t stop me. Very slowly I unfasten the button, holding the material away from his skin, and move tentatively down to the next button, repeating the process—slowly, concentrating on what I am doing. I don’t want to touch him. Well, I do... but I won’t. On the fourth button, the red line reappears, and I smile shyly up at him. “Back on home territory.” I trace the line with my fingers before undoing the final button. I pull his shirt open and move to his cuffs, removing his black polished stone cufflinks one at a time. “Can I take your shirt off?” I ask, my voice low. He nods, eyes still wide, as I reach up and pull his shirt over his shoulders. He frees his hands so he’s standing in front of me naked from the waist up. With his shirt off, he seems to recover his equilibrium. He smirks down at me. “What about my pants, Miss Steele?” he asks, raising an eyebrow. “In the bedroom. I want you in your bed.” “Do you now? Miss Steele, you are insatiable.” “I can’t think why.” I grab his hand, pull him from his study, and lead him to his bedroom. The room is chilly.
“You opened the balcony door?” he asks, frowning down at me as we arrive in his room. “No.” I don’t remember doing that. I recall scanning the room when I woke. The door was definitely closed. Oh shit... All the blood rushes from my face, and I stare at Christian as my mouth falls open. “What?” he snaps, glaring at me. “When I woke... there was someone in here,” I whisper. “I thought it was my imagination.” “What?” He looks horrified and dashes to the balcony door, peers out, then steps back into the room and locks the door behind him. “Are you sure? Who?” he asks his voice tight. “A woman, I think. It was dark. I’d only just woken up.” “Get dressed,” he snarls at me on his way back in. “Now!” “My clothes are upstairs,” I whimper. He pulls open one of the drawers in his chest of drawers and fishes out a pair of sweatpants. “Put these on.” They are far too big, but he is not to be argued with. He swipes a T-shirt, too, and quickly pulls it over his head. Grabbing the bedside phone, he presses two buttons. “She’s still fucking here,” he hisses down the phone. Approximately three seconds later, Taylor and one of the other security guys, burst into Christian’s bedroom. Christian gives them a précis of what has happened. “How long ago?” Taylor demands, staring at me all businesslike. He’s still wearing his jacket. Does this man ever sleep? “About ten minutes,” I mutter, for some reason feeling guilty. “She knows the apartment like the back of her hand,” says Christian. “I am taking Anastasia away now. She’s hiding here somewhere. Find her. When is Gail back? “Tomorrow evening, sir.” “She’s not to return until this place is secure. Understand?” Christian snaps. “Yes, sir. Will you be going to Bellevue?” “I’m not leading this problem to my parents. Book me somewhere.”
“Yes. I’ll call you.” “Aren’t we all overreacting slightly?” I ask. Christian glowers at me. “She may have a gun,” he growls. “Christian, she was standing at the end of the bed. She could have shot me then, if that’s what she wanted to do.” Christian pauses for a moment to rein in his temper, I think. In a menacingly soft voice he says, “I’m not prepared to take the risk. Taylor, Anastasia needs shoes.” Christian disappears into his closet while the security guy watches me. I can’t remember his name, Ryan maybe. He looks alternately down the hall and to the balcony windows. Christian emerges a couple of minutes later with a leather messenger bag, wearing jeans and his pinstriped blazer. He drapes a denim jacket around my shoulders. “Come.” He clasps my hand tightly, and I have to practically run to keep up with his long strides into the great room. “I can’t believe she could hide somewhere in here,” I mutter, staring out the balcony doors. “It’s a big place. You haven’t seen it all yet.” “Why don’t you just call her... tell her you want to talk to her?” “Anastasia, she’s unstable, and she may be armed,” he says irritably. “So we just run?” “For now—yes.” “Supposing she tries to shoot Taylor?” “Taylor knows and understands guns,” he says with distaste. “He’ll be quicker with a gun than she is.” “Ray was in the army. He’s taught me to shoot.” Christian raises his eyebrows and for a moment looks utterly bemused. “You, with a gun?” he says incredulously. “Yes.” I am affronted. “I can shoot, Mr. Grey, so you’d better beware. It’s not just crazy ex-subs you need to worry about.” “I’ll bear that in mind, Miss Steele,” he answers dryly, amused, and it feels good to know that even in this ridiculously tense situation, I can make him smile.
Taylor meets us in the foyer and hands me my small suitcase and my black Converse. I am stunned that he’s packed me some clothes. I smile shyly at him with gratitude, and his returning smile is swift and reassuring. Before I can stop myself—I hug him, hard. He’s taken by surprise, and when I release him, he’s pink in both cheeks. “Be careful,” I murmur. “Yes, Miss Steele,” he mutters. Christian frowns at me and then looks questioningly at Taylor, who smiles very slightly and adjusts his tie. “Let me know where I’m going.” Christian says. Taylor reaches into his jacket, pulls out his wallet, and hands Christian a credit card. “You might want to use this when you get there.” Christian nods. “Good thinking.” Ryan joins us. “Sawyer and Reynolds found nothing,” he says to Taylor. “Accompany Mr. Grey and Miss Steele to the garage,” Taylor orders. The garage is deserted. Well, it is nearly three in the morning. Christian ushers me into the passenger seat of the R8 and puts my case and his bag in the trunk at the front of the car. The Audi beside us is a complete mess—every tire slashed, white paint splattered all over it. It’s chilling and makes me grateful that Christian is taking me somewhere else. “A replacement will arrive on Monday,” Christian says bleakly when he’s seated beside me. “How could she have known it was my car?” He glances anxiously at me and sighs. “She had an Audi A3. I buy one for all my submissives—it’s one of the safest cars in its class.” Oh. “So, not so much a graduation present, then.” “Anastasia, despite what I hoped, you have never been my submissive, so technically it is a graduation present.” He pulls out of the parking space and speeds to the exit. Despite what he hoped. Oh no... my subconscious shakes her head sadly. This is what we come back to all the time. “Are you still hoping?” I whisper. The in-car phone buzzes. “Grey,” Christian snaps.
“Fairmont Olympic. In my name.” “Thank you, Taylor. And, Taylor, be careful.” Taylor pauses. “Yes, sir,” he says quietly, and Christian hangs up. The streets of Seattle are deserted, and Christian roars up Fifth Avenue toward the I-5. Once on the interstate, he floors the gas pedal, heading north. He accelerates so quickly I’m momentarily thrown back in my seat. I peek at him. He’s deep in thought, radiating a deadly brooding silence. He hasn’t answered my question. He glances frequently at the rearview mirror, and I realize he’s checking that we’re not being followed. Perhaps that’s why we’re on the I-5. I thought the Fairmont was in Seattle. I gaze out of the window, trying to rationalize my exhausted, overactive mind. If she’d wanted to hurt me, she had ample opportunity in the bedroom. “No. It’s not what I hope for, not anymore. I thought that was obvious.” Christian interrupts my introspection, his voice soft. I blink at him, pulling his denim jacket tighter around me, and I don’t know if the chill is emanating from within me or from outside. “I worry that, you know... that I’m not enough.” “You’re more than enough. For the love of God, Anastasia, what do I have to do?” Tell me about yourself. Tell me you love me. “Why did you think I’d leave when I told you Dr. Flynn had told me all there was to know about you?” He sighs heavily, closing his eyes for a moment, and for the longest time he doesn’t answer. “You cannot begin to understand the depths of my depravity, Anastasia. And it’s not something I want to share with you.” “And you really think I’d leave, if I knew?” My voice is high, incredulous. Doesn’t he understand that I love him? “Do you think so little of me?” “I know you’ll leave,” he says sadly. “Christian... I think that’s very unlikely. I can’t imagine being without you.” Ever... “You left me once—I don’t want to go there again.” “Elena said she saw you last Saturday,” I whisper quietly. “She didn’t.” He frowns.
“You didn’t go to see her, when I left?” “No,” he snaps, irritated. “I just told you I didn’t—and I don’t like to be doubted,” he scolds. “I didn’t go anywhere last weekend. I sat and made the glider you gave me. Took me forever,” he adds quietly. My heart clenches again. Mrs. Robinson said she saw him. Did she or didn’t she? She’s lying. Why? “Contrary to what Elena thinks, I don’t rush to her with all my problems, Anastasia. I don’t rush to anybody. You may have noticed—I’m not much of a talker.” He tightens his hold on the steering wheel. “Carrick told me you didn’t talk for two years.” “Did he now?” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard line. “I kind of pumped him for information.” Embarrassed, I stare at my fingers. “So what else did Daddy say?” “He said your mom was the doctor who examined you when you were brought into the hospital. After you were discovered in your apartment.” Christian’s expression remains blank... careful. “He said learning the piano helped. And Mia.” His lips curl in a fond smile at the mention of her name. After a moment he says, “She was about six months old when she arrived. I was thrilled, Elliot less so. He’d already had to contend with my arrival. She was perfect.” The sweet, sad awe in his voice is affecting. “Less so now, of course,” he mutters, and I recall her successful attempts at the ball to thwart our lascivious intentions. It makes me giggle. Christian gives me a sideways glance. “You find that amusing, Miss Steele?” “She seemed determined to keep us apart.” He laughs mirthlessly. “Yes, she’s quite accomplished.” He reaches across and squeezes my knee. “But we got there in the end.” He smiles then glances in the rearview mirror once more. “I don’t think we’ve been followed.” He turns off the I-5 and heads back to central Seattle. “Can I ask you something about Elena?” We are stopped at some traffic lights. He gazes at me warily. “If you must,” he mutters sullenly, but I don’t let his irritability deter me. “You told me ages ago that she loved you in a way you found acceptable. What did that mean?” “Isn’t it obvious?” he asks.
“Not to me.” “I was out of control. I couldn’t bear to be touched. I can’t bear it now. For a fourteen, fifteen-year-old adolescent boy with hormones raging, it was a difficult time. She showed me a way to let off steam.” Oh. “Mia said you were a brawler.” “Christ, what is it with my loquacious family? Actually—it’s you.” We’ve stopped at more lights, and he narrows his eyes at me. “You inveigle information out of people.” He shakes his head in mock disgust. “Mia volunteered that information. In fact, she was very forthcoming. She was worried you’d start a brawl in the marquee if you didn’t win me at the auction,” I mutter indignantly. “Oh, baby, there was no danger of that. There was no way I would let anyone else dance with you.” “You let Dr. Flynn.” “He’s always the exception to the rule.” Christian pulls into the impressive, leafy driveway of the Fairmont Olympic Hotel and parks near the front door, beside a quaint stone fountain. “Come.” He climbs out of the car and retrieves our luggage. A valet rushes toward us, looking surprised—no doubt at our late arrival. Christian tosses him the car keys. “Name of Taylor,” he says. The valet nods and can’t contain his glee as he leaps into the R8 and drives off. Christian takes my hand and strides into the lobby. As I stand beside him at the reception desk, I feel utterly, utterly ridiculous. Here I am, in Seattle’s most prestigious hotel, dressed in an oversized denim jacket, oversized sweatpants, and an old T-shirt next to this elegant, beautiful, Greek god. No wonder the receptionist is looking from one to the other as if the equation doesn’t add up. Of course, she’s over-awed by Christian. I roll my eyes as she flushes crimson and stutters. Jeez, even her hands are shaking. “Do... you need a hand... with your bags, Mr. Taylor?” she asks, going scarlet again. “No, Mrs. Taylor and I can manage.” Mrs. Taylor! But I’m not wearing a ring. I put my hands behind my back. “You’re in the Cascade Suite, Mr. Taylor, eleventh floor. Our bellboy will help with your bags.” “We’re fine,” Christian says curtly. “Where are the elevators?” Miss Flushing Crimson explains, and Christian grasps my hand once more. I glance briefly round the impressive, sumptuous lobby full of overstuffed chairs, deserted save for a dark-haired woman sitting on
a cozy sofa, feeding tidbits to her westie. She glances up and smiles at us as we make our way to the elevators. So the hotel allows pets? Odd for a place so grand! The suite has two bedrooms, a formal dining room, and comes complete with grand piano. A log fire blazes in the massive main room. Jeez... This suite is bigger than my apartment. “Well, Mrs. Taylor, I don’t know about you, but I’d really like a drink,” Christian mutters, locking the front door securely. In the bedroom, he puts my case and his satchel on the ottoman at the foot of the king-size four-poster bed and leads me by the hand into the main room where the fire is burning brightly. It’s a welcome sight. I stand and warm my hands while Christian fixes us both a drink. “Armagnac?” “Please.” After a moment, he joins me by the fire and hands me a crystal brandy glass. “It’s been quite a day, huh?” I nod and his gray eyes gaze at me searchingly, concerned. “I’m okay,” I whisper reassuringly. “How about you?” “Well, right now I’d like to drink this and then, if you’re not too tired, take you to bed and lose myself in you.” “I think that can be arranged, Mr. Taylor.” I smile shyly at him as he shuffles out of his shoes and peels off his socks. “Mrs. Taylor, stop biting your lip,” he whispers. I blush into my glass. The Armagnac is delicious, leaving a burning warmth in its wake as it glides silkily down my throat. When I glance up at Christian, he’s sipping his brandy, watching me, his eyes dark— hungry. “You never cease to amaze me, Anastasia. After a day like today—or yesterday, rather—you’re not whining or running off into the hills screaming. I am in awe of you. You’re very strong.” “You’re a very good reason to stay,” I murmur. “I told you, Christian, I’m not going anywhere, no matter what you’ve done. You know how I feel about you.” His mouth twists as if he doubts my words, and his brow creases as if what I’m saying is painful for him to hear. Oh, Christian, what do I have to do to make you realize how I feel? Let him beat you, my subconscious sneers at me. I scowl inwardly at her.
“Where are you going to hang José’s portraits of me?” I try to lighten the mood. “That depends.” His lips twitch. This is obviously a much more palatable topic of conversation for him. “On what?” “Circumstances,” he says mysteriously. “His show’s not over yet, so I don’t have to decide straight away.” I cock my head to one side and narrow my eyes. “You can look as sternly as you like, Mrs. Taylor. I’m saying nothing,” he teases. “I may torture the truth from you.” He raises an eyebrow. “Really, Anastasia, I don’t think you should make promises you can’t fulfill.” Oh my, is that what he thinks? I place my glass on the mantelpiece, reach over, and much to Christian’s surprise, take his glass and place it beside mine. “We’ll just have to see about that,” I murmur. Very bravely—emboldened by the brandy, no doubt—I take Christian’s hand and pull him toward the bedroom. At the foot of the bed I stop. Christian is trying to hide his amusement. “Now you have me in here, Anastasia, what are you going to do with me?” he teases, his voice low. “I’m going to start by undressing you. I want to finish what I started earlier.” I reach for the lapels on his jacket, careful not to touch him, and he doesn’t flinch but he’s holding his breath. Gently, I push his jacket over his shoulders, and his eyes stay on mine, all traces of humor gone, as they grow larger, burning into me, wary and needful? There are so many interpretations of his look. What is he thinking? I place his jacket on the ottoman. “Now your T-shirt,” I whisper and lift it by the hem. He cooperates, raising his arms and backing away, making it easier for me to pull it off. Once off, he gazes down at me, intently, wearing just his jeans that hang so provocatively from his hips. The band of his boxer briefs is visible. My eyes move hungrily up across his taut stomach to the remains of the lipstick line, faded and smudged, then up to his chest. I want nothing more than to run my tongue through his chest hair to savor his taste. “Now what?” he whispers, eyes blazing. “I want to kiss you here.” I run my finger from hipbone to hipbone across his belly. His lips part as he inhales sharply. “I’m not stopping you,” he breathes.
I take his hand. “You’d better lie down then,” I murmur and lead him to the side of the four-poster bed. He seems bewildered, and it occurs to me that perhaps no one has taken the lead with him since... her. No, don’t go there. Lifting the covers, he sits on the edge of the bed, gazing up at me, waiting, his expression wary and serious. I stand before him and slip off his denim jacket and let it drop to the floor, then I shuffle out of his sweatpants. He rubs his thumb over the tips of his fingers. He’s itching to touch me, I can tell, but he suppresses the urge. Taking a deep breath and beyond courageous, I reach for the hem of my T-shirt and lift it over my head so I am naked before him. His eyes don’t leave mine, but he swallows and his lips part. “You are Aphrodite, Anastasia,” he murmurs. I clasp his face in my hands, tip his head up, and bend to kiss him. He groans low in his throat. As I place my mouth on his, he grabs my hips, and before I know it, I am pinned beneath him, his legs forcing mine apart so that he’s cradled against my body between my legs. He’s kissing me, ravaging my mouth, our tongues entwined. His hand trails from my thigh, over my hip, along my belly to my breast, squeezing, kneading, and pulling enticingly on my nipple. I groan and tilt my pelvis involuntarily against him, finding a delicious friction against the seam of his fly and his growing erection. He stops kissing me and gazes down at me bemused and breathless. He flexes his hips so his erection pushes against me. ...Yes. Right there. I close my eyes and moan, and he does it again, but this time I push back, relishing his answering moan as he kisses me again. He continues the slow delicious torture—rubbing me, rubbing him. And he’s right—getting lost in him—it’s intoxicating to the exclusion of everything else. All my worries are obliterated. I am here in this moment with him—my blood singing in my veins, thrumming loudly through my ears, mixed with the sound of our panting breaths. I bury my hands in his hair, holding him to my mouth, consuming him, my tongue as avaricious as his. I trail my fingers down his arms, down his lower back to the waistband of his jeans and push my intrepid, greedy hands inside, urging him on and on—forgetting everything, except us. “You’re going to unman me, Ana,” he whispers suddenly, breaking away from me and kneeling up. He briskly pulls down his jeans and hands me a foil packet. “You want me, baby, and I sure as hell want you. You know what to do.” With anxious, dexterous fingers, I rip open the foil and unroll the condom over him. He grins down at me, his mouth open, eyes misty gray and full of carnal promise. Leaning over me, he rubs his nose against mine, his eyes closed, and deliciously, slowly, he enters me.
I grasp his arms and tilt my chin up, reveling in the exquisitely full feeling of his possession. He runs his teeth along my chin, eases back, and then slides into me again—so slow, so sweet, so tender—his body pressing down on me, his elbows and his hands on either side of my face. “You make me forget everything. You are the best therapy,” he breathes, moving at an achingly leisurely pace, savoring every inch of me. “Please, Christian—faster,” I murmur, wanting more, now. “Oh no, baby. I need this slow.” He kisses me sweetly, gently biting my lower lip and absorbing my soft moans. I move my hands into his hair and surrender myself to his rhythm as slowly and surely my body climbs higher and higher and plateaus, then falls hard and fast as I come around him. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes as he lets go, my name a benediction on his lips as he finds his release. His head rests on my belly, his arms wrapped around me. My fingers forage in his unruly hair, and we lie like this for I don’t know how long. It’s so late and I am so tired, but I just want to enjoy the quiet serene after-glow of making love with Christian Grey, because that’s what we’ve done, gentle, sweet lovemaking. He’s come a long way, as have I, in such a short time. It’s almost too much to absorb. With all the fucked-up stuff, I am losing sight of his simple, honest journey with me. “I will never get enough of you. Don’t leave me,” he murmurs and kisses my belly. “I’m not going anywhere, Christian, and I seem to remember that I wanted to kiss your belly,” I grumble sleepily. He grins against my skin. “Nothing stopping you now baby.” “I don’t think I can move I’m so tired.” Christian sighs and shifts reluctantly, coming to lie beside me with his head on his elbow and dragging the covers over us. He gazes down at me, his eyes glowing, warm, loving. “Sleep now, baby.” He kisses my hair and wraps his arm around me and I drift. When I open my eyes, light is filling the room, making me blink. My head is fuzzy from lack of sleep. Where am I? Oh—the hotel... “Hi,” Christian murmurs, smiling fondly at me. He’s lying beside me, fully dressed, on top of the bed. How long has he been here? Has he been studying me? Suddenly, I feel incredibly shy as my face heats under his steady gaze. “Hi,” I murmur, grateful that I am lying on my front. “How long have you been watching me?”
“I could watch you sleep for hours, Anastasia. But I’ve only been here about five minutes.” He leans over and kisses me gently. “Dr. Greene will be here shortly.” “Oh.” I’d forgotten about Christian’s inappropriate intervention. “Did you sleep well?” he inquires mildly. “Certainly seemed like it to me, with all that snoring.” Oh, playful teasing Fifty. “I do not snore!” I pout petulantly. “No. You don’t.” He grins at me. The faint line of red lipstick is still visible around his neck. “Did you shower?” “No. Waiting for you.” “Oh... okay.” “What time is it?” “Ten fifteen. I didn’t have the heart to wake you earlier.” “You told me you didn’t have a heart at all.” He smiles, sadly but doesn’t answer. “Breakfast is here—pancakes and bacon for you. Come, get up, I’m getting lonely out here.” He swats me sharply on my behind, making me jump, and rises from the bed. Hmm... Christian’s version of warm affection. As I stretch, I’m aware I ache all over... no doubt a result of all the sex, dancing, and teetering in expensive high-heeled shoes. I stagger out of bed and make my way into the sumptuously appointed bathroom while going over the events of the previous day in my mind. When I come out, I don one of the over-fluffy bathrobes that hang on a brass peg in the bathroom. Leila—the girl who looks like me—that’s the most startling image my brain conjures for conjecture, that and her eerie presence in Christian’s bedroom. What did she want? Me? Christian? To do what? And why the fuck has she wrecked my car? Christian said I would have another Audi, like all his submissives. The thought is unwelcome. Since I was so generous with the money he gave me, there’s not a lot I can do. I wander into the main room of the suite—no sign of Christian. I finally locate him in the dining room. I take a seat, grateful for the impressive breakfast laid before me. Christian is reading the Sunday papers and drinking coffee, his breakfast finished. He smiles at me. “Eat up. You’re going to need your strength today,” he teases.
“And why is that? You going to lock me in the bedroom?” My inner goddess jerks awake suddenly, all disheveled with a just-fucked look. “Appealing as that idea is, I thought we’d go out today. Get some fresh air.” “Is it safe?” I ask innocently, trying and failing to keep the irony from my voice. Christian’s face falls, and his mouth presses in a line. “Where we’re going, it is. And it’s not a joking matter,” he adds sternly, narrowing his eyes. I flush and stare down at my breakfast. I don’t feel like being scolded after all the drama and such a late night. I eat my breakfast in silence, feeling petulant. My subconscious is shaking her head at me. Fifty doesn’t joke about my safety—I should know this by now. I want to roll my eyes at him, but I refrain. Okay, I’m tired and testy. I had a long day yesterday and not enough sleep. Why, oh why does he get to look as fresh as a daisy? Life is not fair. There’s a knock at the door. “That’ll be the good doctor,” Christian grumbles, obviously still smarting from my irony. He stalks from the table. Can’t we just have a calm, normal morning? I sigh heavily, leaving half my breakfast, and get up to greet Doctor Depo-Provera. We’re in the bedroom, and Dr. Greene is staring at me open-mouthed. She’s dressed more casually than last time in a pale pink cashmere twin set and black pants, and her fine blond hair is loose. “And you just stopped taking it? Just like that?” I flush, feeling beyond foolish. “Yes.” Could my voice be any smaller? “You could be pregnant,” she says matter-of-factly. What! The world falls away at my feet. My subconscious collapses on the floor retching, and I think I’m going to be sick, too. No! “Here, go pee in this.” She’s all business today—taking no prisoners. Meekly, I accept the small plastic container she’s offered and wander in a daze into the bathroom. No. No. No. No way... No way... Please no. No. What will Fifty do? I go pale. He’ll freak.
No, please! I whisper a silent prayer. I hand Dr. Greene my sample, and she carefully places a small white stick in it. “When did your period start?” How am I supposed to think about such minutiae when all I can do is stare anxiously at the white stick? “Er... Wednesday? Not the one just gone, the one before that. June first.” “And when did you stop taking the pill?” “Sunday. Last Sunday.” She purses her lips. “You should be okay,” she says sharply. “I can tell by your expression that an unplanned pregnancy would not be welcome news. So Medroxyprogesterone is a good idea if you can’t remember to take the pill every day.” She gives me a stern look, and I quail under her authoritative glare. Picking up the white stick, she peers at it. “You’re in the clear. You’ve not ovulated yet, so provided you’ve been taking proper precautions, you shouldn’t be pregnant. Now, let me counsel you about this shot. We discounted it last time because of the side effects, but quite frankly, the side effects of a child are far-reaching and go on for years.” She smiles, pleased with herself and her little joke, but I can’t begin to respond—I’m too stunned. Dr. Greene launches into full disclosure mode about side effects, and I sit paralyzed with relief, not listening to a word. I think I’d tolerate any number of strange women standing at the end of my bed rather than confess to Christian that I might be pregnant. “Ana!” Dr. Greene snaps. “Let’s do this thing.” She pulls me out of my reverie, and I willingly roll up my sleeve. Christian closes the door behind her and gazes at me warily. “Everything okay?” he asks. I nod mutely, and he tilts his head to one side, his face tense with concern. “Anastasia, what is it? What did Dr. Greene say?” I shake my head. “You’re good to go in seven days,” I mutter. “Seven days?” “Yes.” “Ana, what’s wrong?”
I swallow. “It’s nothing to worry about. Please, Christian, just leave it.” Christian looms in front of me. He grasps my chin, tipping my head back, and stares emphatically into my eyes, trying to decipher my panic. “Tell me,” he snaps insistently. “There’s nothing to tell. I’d like to get dressed.” I pull my chin out of his reach. He sighs and runs a hand through his hair, frowning at me. “Let’s shower,” he says eventually. “Of course,” I mutter, distracted, and his mouth twists. “Come,” he says sulkily, clasping my hand firmly. He stalks toward the bathroom as I trail behind him. I am not the only one in a bad mood, it seems. Firing up the shower, Christian quickly strips before turning to me. “I don’t know what’s upset you, or if you’re just bad-tempered through lack of sleep,” he says while unfastening my robe. “But I want you to tell me. My imagination is running away with me, and I don’t like it.” I roll my eyes at him, and he glares back at me, narrowing his eyes. Shit! Okay... here goes. “Dr. Greene scolded me about missing the pill. She said I could be pregnant.” “What?” He pales, and his hands freeze as he gazes at me, suddenly ashen. “But I’m not. She did a test. It was a shock, that’s all. I can’t believe I was that stupid.” He visibly relaxes. “You’re sure you’re not?” “Yes.” He blows out a deep breath. “Good. Yes, I can see that news like that would be very upsetting.” I frown. ...upsetting? “I was more worried about your reaction.” He furrows his brow at me, puzzled. “My reaction? Well, naturally I’m relieved... it would be the height of carelessness and bad manners to knock you up.” “Then maybe we should abstain,” I snap. He gazes at me for a moment, bewildered, as if I’m some kind of science experiment. “You are in a bad temper this morning.” “It was just a shock, that’s all,” I repeat petulantly.
Clasping the lapels of my robe, he pulls me into a warm embrace, kisses my hair, and presses my head against his chest. I’m distracted by his chest hair as it tickles my cheek. Oh, if I could just nuzzle him! “Ana, I’m not used to this,” he murmurs. “My natural inclination is to beat it out of you, but I seriously doubt you want that.” Holy shit. “No, I don’t. This helps.” I hug Christian tighter, and we stand for an age in a strange embrace, Christian naked and me wrapped in a robe. I am once again floored by his honesty. He knows nothing about relationships, and neither do I, except what I’ve learned from him. Well, he’s asked for faith and patience; maybe I should do the same. “Come, let’s shower,” Christian says eventually, releasing me. Stepping back, he peels me out of my robe, and I follow him into the cascading water, holding my face up to the torrent. There’s room for both of us under the gargantuan showerhead. Christian reaches for the shampoo and starts washing his hair. He hands it to me and I follow suit. Oh, this feels good. Closing my eyes, I succumb to the cleansing, warming water. As I rinse off the shampoo, I feel his hands on me, soaping my body: my shoulders, my arms, under my arms, my breasts, my back. Gently he turns me around and pulls me against him as he continues down my body: my stomach, my belly, his skilled fingers between my legs—hmm—my behind. Oh, that feels good and so intimate. He turns me around to face him again. “Here,” he says quietly, handing me the body wash. “I want you to wash off the remains of the lipstick.” My eyes open in a flurry and dart quickly to his. He’s staring at me intently, soaking wet and beautiful, his glorious, bright gray eyes giving nothing away. “Don’t stray far from the line, please,” he mutters tightly. “Okay,” I murmur, trying to absorb the enormity of what he’s just asked me to do—to touch him on the edge of the forbidden zone. I squeeze a small amount of soap on my hand, rub my hands together to create a lather, then place them on his shoulders and gently wash away the line of lipstick on each side. He stills and closes his eyes, his face impassive, but he’s breathing rapidly, and I know it’s not lust but fear. It cuts me to the quick. With trembling fingers, I carefully follow the line down the side of his chest, soaping and rubbing softly, and he swallows, his jaw tense as if his teeth are clenched. Oh! My heart constricts and my throat tightens. Oh no, I’m going to cry. I stop to add more soap to my hand and feel him relax in front of me. I can’t look up at him. I can’t bear to see his pain—it’s too much. I swallow. “Ready?” I murmur and the tension is loud and clear in my voice.
“Yes,” he whispers, his voice husky, laced with fear. Gently, I place my hands on either side of his chest, and he freezes again. It’s too much. I am overwhelmed by his trust in me—overwhelmed by his fear, by the damage done to this beautiful, fallen, flawed man. Tears pool in my eyes and spill down my face, lost in the water from the shower. Oh, Christian! Who did this to you? His diaphragm moves rapidly with each shallow breath, his body is rigid, tension radiating off him in waves as my hands move along the line, erasing it. Oh, if I could just erase your pain, I would—I’d do anything—and I want nothing more than to kiss every single scar I see, to kiss away those hideous years of neglect. But I know I can’t, and my tears fall unbidden down my cheeks. “No. Please, don’t cry,” he murmurs, his voice anguished as he wraps me tightly in his arms. “Please don’t cry for me.” And I burst into full-blown sobs, burying my face against his neck, as I think of a little boy lost in a sea of fear and pain, frightened, neglected, abused—hurt beyond all endurance. Pulling away, he clasps my head with both hands, tilts it backward, and leans down to kiss me. “Don’t cry, Ana, please,” he murmurs against my mouth. “It was long ago. I am aching for you to touch me, but I just can’t bear it. It’s too much. Please, please don’t cry.” “I want to touch you, too. More than you’ll ever know. To see you like this... so hurt and afraid, Christian... it wounds me deeply. I love you so much.” He runs his thumb across my bottom lip. “I know. I know,” he whispers. “You’re very easy to love. Don’t you see that?” “No, baby, I don’t.” “You are. And I do and so does your family. So do Elena and Leila—they have a strange way of showing it—but they do. You are worthy.” “Stop.” He puts his finger over my lips and shakes his head, an agonized expression on his face. “I can’t hear this. I’m nothing, Anastasia. I’m a husk of a man. I don’t have a heart.” “Yes, you do. And I want it, all of it. You’re a good man, Christian, a really good man. Don’t ever doubt that. Look at what you’ve done... what you’ve achieved,” I sob. “Look what you’ve done for me... what you’ve turned your back on, for me,” I whisper. “I know. I know how you feel about me.” He gazes down at me, his eyes wide and panicked, and all we can hear is the steady stream of water as it flows over us in the shower. “You love me,” I whisper.
His eyes widen further and his mouth opens. He takes a huge breath as if winded. He looks tortured— vulnerable. “Yes,” he whispers. “I do.” I cannot contain my jubilation. My subconscious gapes at me open-mouthed—in stunned silence—and I wear a face-splitting grin as I gaze longingly up into Christian’s wide, tortured eyes. His soft sweet confession calls to me on some deep elemental level as if he’s seeking absolution; his three small words are my manna from heaven. Tears prick my eyes once more. Yes, you do. I know you do. It’s such a liberating realization as if a crushing millstone has been tossed aside. This beautiful, fucked-up man, whom I once thought of as my romantic hero—strong, solitary, mysterious—possesses all these traits, but he’s also fragile and alienated and full of self-loathing. My heart swells with joy but also pain for his suffering. And I know in this moment that my heart is big enough for both of us. I hope it’s big enough for both of us. I reach up to clasp his dear, dear, handsome face and kiss him gently, pouring all the love I feel into this one sweet connection. I want to devour him beneath the hot cascading water. Christian groans and encircles me in his arms, holding me as if I am the air he needs to breathe. “Oh, Ana,” he whispers hoarsely, “I want you, but not here.” “Yes,” I murmur fervently into his mouth. He switches off the shower and takes my hand, leading me out and enfolding me in my bathrobe. Grabbing a towel, he wraps it around his waist, then takes a smaller one and begins to gently dry my
hair. When he’s satisfied, he swathes the towel around my head so that in the large mirror over the sink I look like I’m wearing a veil. He’s standing behind me and our eyes meet in the mirror, smoldering gray to bright blue, and it gives me an idea. “Can I reciprocate?” I ask. He nods, though his brow creases. I reach for another towel from the plethora of fluffy towels stacked beside the vanity, and standing before him on tiptoe, I start to dry his hair. He bends forward, making the process easier, and as I catch the occasional glimpse of his face beneath the towel, I see he’s grinning at me like a small boy. “It’s a long time since anyone did this to me. A very long time,” he murmurs, but then frowns. “In fact I don’t think anyone’s ever dried my hair.” “Surely Grace did? Dried your hair when you were young?” He shakes his head, hampering my progress. “No. She respected my boundaries from day one, even though it was painful for her. I was very selfsufficient as a child,” he says quietly. I feel a swift kick in the ribs as I think of a small copper-haired child looking after himself because no one else cares. The thought is sickeningly sad. But I don’t want my melancholy to hijack this blossoming intimacy. “Well, I’m honored,” I gently tease him. “That you are, Miss Steele. Or maybe it is I who am honored.” “That goes without saying, Mr. Grey,” I respond tartly. I finish with his hair, reach for another small towel, and move round to stand behind him. Our eyes meet again in the mirror, and his watchful, questioning look prompts me to speak. “Can I try something?” After a moment, he nods. Warily, and very gently, I run the soft cloth down his left arm, soaking up the water that has beaded on his skin. Glancing up, I check his expression in the mirror. He blinks at me, his eyes burning into mine. I lean forward and kiss his bicep, and his lips part infinitesimally. I dry his other arm in a similar fashion, trailing kisses around his bicep, and a small smile plays on his lips. Carefully, I wipe his back beneath the faint lipstick line, which is still visible. I hadn’t gotten round to washing his back. “Whole back,” he says quietly, “with the towel.” He takes a sharp breath and screws his eyes closed as I briskly dry him, careful to touch him only with the towel.
He has such an attractive back—broad, sculptured shoulders, all the small muscles clearly defined. He really looks after himself. The beautiful sight is marred only by his scars. With difficulty, I ignore them and suppress my overwhelming urge to kiss each and every one. When I finish he exhales, and I lean forward and reward him with a kiss on his shoulder. Putting my arms around him, I dry his stomach. Our eyes meet once more in the mirror, his expression amused but wary, too. “Hold this.” I hand him a smaller face towel, and he gives me a bemused frown. “Remember in Georgia? You made me touch myself using your hands,” I add. His face darkens, but I ignore his reaction and put my arms around him. Gazing at us both in the mirror—his beauty, his nakedness, and me with my covered hair—we look almost Biblical, as if from an Old Testament baroque painting. I reach for his hand, which he willingly entrusts to me, and guide it up to his chest to dry it, sweeping the towel slowly, awkwardly across his body. Once, twice—then again. He’s completely immobilized, rigid with tension, except for his eyes, which follow my hand clasped around his. My subconscious looks on with approval, her normally pursed mouth smiling, and I am the supreme puppet master. His anxiety ripples off his back in waves, but he maintains eye contact, though his eyes are darker, more deadly. Showing their secrets maybe. Is this a place I want to go? Do I want to confront his demons? “I think you’re dry now,” I whisper as I drop my hand, gazing into the gray depths of his eyes in the mirror. His breathing is accelerated, lips parted. “I need you, Anastasia,” he whispers. “I need you, too.” And as I say the words, I am struck how true they are. I cannot imagine being without Christian, ever. “Let me love you,” he says hoarsely. “Yes,” I answer, and turning, he hauls me into his arms, his lips seeking mine, beseeching me, worshipping me, cherishing me... loving me. He trails his fingers up and down my spine as we gaze at each other, basking in our postcoital bliss, replete. We lie together, me on my front hugging my pillow, he on his side, and I am treasuring his tender touch. I know that right now he needs to touch me. I am a balm for him, a source of solace, and how could I deny him that? I feel exactly the same about him. “So you can be gentle,” I murmur. “Hmm... so it would seem, Miss Steele.” I grin. “You weren’t particularly the first time we... um, did this.”
“No?” He smirks. “When, I robbed you of your virtue.” “I don’t think you robbed me,” I mutter haughtily—Jeez, I’m not a helpless maiden. “I think my virtue was offered up pretty freely and willingly. I wanted you, too, and if I remember correctly, I rather enjoyed myself.” I smile shyly at him, biting my lip. “So did I if I recall, Miss Steele. We aim to please,” he drawls and his face softens, serious. “And it means you’re mine, completely.” All trace of humor has vanished as he gazes at me. “Yes, I am,” I murmur back at him. “I wanted to ask you something.” “Go ahead.” “Your biological father... do you know who he was?” This thought has been bugging me. His brow creases, and then he shakes his head. “I have no idea. Wasn’t the savage who was her pimp, which is good.” “How do you know?” “Something my dad... something Carrick said to me.” I gaze at my Fifty expectantly, waiting. He smirks at me. “So hungry for information, Anastasia,” he sighs, shaking his head. “The pimp discovered the crack whore’s body and phoned it in to the authorities. Took him four days to make the discovery though. He shut the door when he left... left me with her... her body.” His eyes cloud at the memory. I inhale sharply. Poor baby boy—the horror is too grim to contemplate. “Police interviewed him later. He denied flat out I was anything to do with him, and Carrick said he looked nothing like me.” “Do you remember what he did look like?” “Anastasia, this isn’t a part of my life I revisit very often. Yes, I remember what he looked like. I’ll never forget him.” Christian’s face darkens and hardens, becoming more angular, his eyes frosting with anger. “Can we talk about something else?” “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.” He shakes his head. “It’s old news, Ana. Not something I want to think about.” “So what’s this surprise, then?” I need to change the subject before he goes all Fifty on me. His expression lightens immediately. “Can you face going out for some fresh air? I want to show you something.”
“Of course.” I marvel how quickly he turns—mercurial as ever. He grins at me with his boyish, carefree, I’m-onlytwenty-seven smile, and my heart lurches into my mouth. So it’s something close to his heart, I can tell. He swats me playfully on my behind. “Get dressed. Jeans will be good. I hope Taylor’s packed some for you.” He rises and pulls on his boxer briefs. Oh... I could sit here all day, watching him wander around the room. My inner goddess agrees, swooning as she ogles from her chaise longue. “Up,” he scolds, bossy as ever. I gaze at him, grinning. “Just admiring the view.” He rolls his eyes at me. As we dress, I notice that we move with the synchronization of two people who know each other well, each watchful and acutely aware of the other, exchanging the occasional shy smile and sweet touch. And it dawns on me that this is just as new for him as it is for me. “Dry your hair,” Christian orders once we’re dressed. “Domineering as ever.” I smirk at him, and he leans down to kiss my hair. “That’s never going to change, baby. I don’t want you sick.” I roll my eyes at him, and his mouth twists in amusement. “My palms still twitch, you know, Miss Steele.” “I am glad to hear it, Mr. Grey. I was beginning to think you were losing your edge,” I retort. “I could easily demonstrate that is not the case, should you so wish.” Christian drags a large, cream, cable-knit sweater out of his bag and drapes it artfully over his shoulders. With his white T-shirt and jeans, his artfully rumpled hair, and now this, he looks as if he’s stepped out of the pages of a high-end glossy magazine. No one should look this good. And I don’t know if it’s the momentary distraction of his sheer perfect looks or the knowledge that he loves me, but his threat no longer fills me with dread. This is my Fifty Shades; this is the way he is. As I reach for the hairdryer, a tangible ray of hope blossoms. We will find a middle way. We just have to recognize each other’s needs and accommodate them. I can do that, surely?
I gaze at myself in the dresser mirror. I’m wearing the pale blue shirt that Taylor bought and had packed for me. My hair is a mess, my face flushed, my lips swollen—I touch them, remembering Christian’s searing kisses, and I can’t help a small smile as I stare. Yes, I do, he said. “Where are we going exactly?” I ask as we wait in the lobby for the parking valet. Christian taps the side of his nose and winks at me conspiratorially, looking like he’s desperately trying to contain his glee. Frankly, it’s very un-Fifty. He was like this when we went gliding—perhaps that’s what we’re doing. I beam back at him. He stares down his nose at me in that superior way he has with his lopsided grin. Leaning down, he kisses me gently. “Do you have any idea how happy you make me feel?” he murmurs. “Yes... I know exactly. Because you do the same for me.” The valet zooms up in Christian’s car, wearing a face-splitting grin. Jeez, everyone is so happy today. “Great car, sir,” he mumbles as he hands over the keys. Christian winks and gives him an obscenely large tip. I frown at him. Honestly. As we cruise through the traffic, Christian is deep in thought. A young woman’s voice comes over the loudspeakers; it has a beautiful, rich, mellow timbre, and I lose myself in her sad, soulful voice. “I need to make a detour. It shouldn’t take long,” he says absentmindedly, distracting me from the song. Oh, why? I’m intrigued to know the surprise. My inner goddess is bouncing about like a five-year-old. “Sure,” I murmur. Something is amiss. Suddenly, he looks grimly determined. He pulls into the parking lot of large car dealership, stops the car, and turns to face me, his expression wary. “We need to get you a new car,” he says. I gape at him. Now? On a Sunday? What the hell? And this is a Saab dealership. “Not an Audi?” is, stupidly, the only thing I can think of to say, and bless him, he actually flushes. Holy cow—Christian, embarrassed. This is a first. “I thought you might like something else,” he mutters. He’s almost squirming. Oh, please... This is too valuable an opportunity not to tease him. I smirk. “A Saab?”
“Yeah. A 9-3. Come.” “What is it with you and foreign cars?” “The Germans and the Swedes make the safest cars in the world, Anastasia.” Do they? “I thought you’d already ordered me another Audi A3?” He gives me a darkly amused look. “I can cancel that. Come.” Climbing smoothly out of the car, he strolls gracefully to my side and opens my door. “I owe you a graduation present,” he says softly and holds his hand out for me. “Christian, you really don’t have to do this.” “Yes, I do. Please. Come.” His tone says he’s not to be trifled with. I resign myself to my fate. A Saab? Do I want a Saab? I quite like the Audi Submissive Special. It was very nifty. Of course, now it’s under a ton of white paint... I shudder. And she’s still out there. I take Christian’s hand, and we wander into the showroom. Troy Turniansky, the salesman, is all over Fifty like a cheap suit. He can smell a sale. Weirdly his accent sounds mid-Atlantic, maybe British? It’s difficult to tell. “A Saab, sir? Pre-owned?” He rubs his hands with glee. “New.” Christian’s lips set into a hard line. New! “Did you have a model in mind, sir?” And he’s smarmy, too. “9-3 2.0T Sport Sedan.” “An excellent choice, sir.” “What color, Anastasia?” Christian inclines his head. “Er... black?” I shrug. “You really don’t need to do this.” He frowns. “Black’s not easily seen at night.” Oh, for heaven’s sake. I resist the temptation to roll my eyes. “You have a black car.”
He scowls at me. “Bright canary yellow then.” I shrug. Christian makes a face—canary yellow is obviously not his thing. “What color do you want me to have?” I ask as if he’s a small child, which he is in many ways. The thought is unwelcome—sad and sobering at once. “Silver or white.” “Silver, then. You know I’ll take the Audi,” I add, chastened by my thoughts. Troy pales, sensing he’s losing a sale. “Perhaps you’d like the convertible, ma’am?” he asks, clapping his hands with enthusiasm. My subconscious is cringing in disgust, mortified by the whole buying-a-car business, but my inner goddess tackles her to the floor. Convertible? Drool! Christian frowns and peers at me. “Convertible?” he asks, raising an eyebrow. I flush. It’s like he has a direct hotline to my inner goddess, which of course, he has. It’s most inconvenient at times. I stare down at my hands. Christian turns to Troy. “What are the safety stats on the convertible?” Troy, sensing Christian’s vulnerability, heads in for the kill, reeling off all manner of statistics. Of course, Christian wants me safe. It’s a religion with him, and like the zealot he is, he listens intently to Troy’s well-honed patter. Fifty really does care. Yes. I do. I remember his whispered, choked words from this morning, and a melting glow spreads like warm honey through my veins. This man—God’s gift to women—loves me. I find myself grinning goofily at him, and when he glances down at me, he’s amused yet puzzled by my expression. I just want to hug myself, I am so happy. “Whatever you’re high on, I’d like some, Miss Steele,” he murmurs as Troy heads off to his computer. “I’m high on you, Mr. Grey.” “Really? Well you certainly look intoxicated.” He kisses me briefly. “And thank you for accepting the car. That was easier than last time.” “Well, it’s not an Audi A3.” He smirks. “That’s not the car for you.”
“I liked it.” “Sir, the 9-3? I’ve located one at our Beverly Hills dealership. We can have it here for you in a couple of days.” Troy glows with triumph. “Top of the range?” “Yes, sir.” “Excellent.” Christian produces his credit card, or is it Taylor’s? The thought is unnerving. I wonder how Taylor is, and if he’s located Leila in the apartment. I rub my forehead. Yes, there’s all of Christian’s baggage, too. “If you’ll come this way, Mr.”—Troy glances at the name on the card—“Grey.” Christian opens my door, and I climb back into the passenger seat. “Thank you,” I say when he’s seated beside me. He smiles. “You’re most welcome, Anastasia.” The music starts again as Christian starts the engine. “Who’s this?” I ask. “Eva Cassidy.” “She has a lovely voice.” “She does, she did.” “Oh.” “She died young.” “Oh.” “Are you hungry? You didn’t finish all your breakfast.” He glances quickly at me, disapproval outlined on his face. Uh-oh. “Yes.” “Lunch first, then.”
Christian drives toward the waterfront then heads north along the Alaskan Way. It’s another beautiful day in Seattle. It’s been uncharacteristically fine for the last few weeks, I muse. Christian looks happy and relaxed as we sit back listening to Eva Cassidy’s sweet, soulful voice and cruise down the highway. Have I ever felt this comfortable in his company before? I don’t know. I am less nervous of his moods, confident that he won’t punish me, and he seems more comfortable with me, too. He turns left, following the coast road, and eventually pulls up in a parking lot opposite a vast marina. “We’ll eat here. I’ll open your door,” he says in such a way that I know it’s not wise to move, and I watch him move around the car. Will this ever get old? We stroll arm in arm to the waterfront where the marina stretches out in front of us. “So many boats,” I murmur in wonder. There are hundreds of them in all shapes and sizes, bobbing up and down on the calm, still waters of the marina. Out on the Sound there are dozens of sails in the wind, weaving to and fro, enjoying the fine weather. It’s a wholesome, outdoorsy sight. The wind has picked up a little, so I pull my jacket around me. “Cold?” he asks and pulls me tightly against him. “No, just admiring the view.” “I could stare at it all day. Come, this way.” Christian leads me into a large seafront bar and makes his way to the counter. The décor is more New England than West Coast—white-limed walls, pale blue furnishings, and boating paraphernalia hanging everywhere. It’s a bright, cheery place. “Mr. Grey!” the barman greets Christian warmly. “What can I get you this afternoon?” “Dante, good afternoon.” Christian grins as we both slip onto bar stools. “This lovely lady is Anastasia Steele.” “Welcome to SP’s Place.” Dante gives me a friendly smile. He’s black and beautiful, his dark eyes assessing me and not finding me wanting, it seems. One large diamond stud winks at me from his ear. I like him immediately. “What would you like to drink, Anastasia?” I glance at Christian, who regards me expectantly. Oh, he’s going to let me choose. “Please, call me Ana, and I’ll have whatever Christian’s drinking.” I smile shyly at Dante. Fifty’s so much better at wine than I am. “I’m going to have a beer. This is the only bar in Seattle where you can get Adnam’s Explorer.”
“A beer?” “Yes.” He grins at me. “Two Explorers, please, Dante.” Dante nods and sets up the beers on the bar. “They do a delicious seafood chowder here,” Christian says. He’s asking me. “Chowder and beer sounds great.” I smile at him. “Two chowders?” Dante asks. “Please.” Christian grins at him. We talk through our meal, as we never have before. Christian is relaxed and calm—he looks young, happy, and animated despite all that transpired yesterday. He recounts the history of Grey Enterprises Holdings, and the more he reveals, the more I sense his passion for fixing problem companies, his hopes for the technology he’s developing, and his dreams of making land in the third world more productive. I listen enraptured. He’s funny, clever, philanthropic, and beautiful, and he loves me. In turn, he plagues me with questions about Ray and my mom, about growing up in the lush forests of Montesano, and my brief stints in Texas and Vegas. He demands to know my favorite books and films, and I’m surprised by how much we have in common. As we talk, it strikes me that he’s turned from Hardy’s Alec to Angel, debasement to high ideal in such a short space of time. It’s after two when we finish our meal. Christian settles the tab with Dante, who wishes us a fond farewell. “This is a great place. Thank you for lunch,” I say as Christian takes my hand and we leave the bar. “We’ll come again,” he says, and we stroll along the waterfront. “I wanted to show you something.” “I know... and I can’t wait to see it, whatever it is.” We wander hand in hand along the marina. It is such a pleasant afternoon. People are out enjoying their Sunday—walking dogs, admiring the boats, watching their kids run along the promenade. As we head down the marina, the boats are getting progressively larger. Christian leads me on to the dock and stops in front of a huge catamaran. “I thought we’d go sailing this afternoon. This is my boat.”
Holy cow. It must be at least forty, maybe fifty feet. Two sleek white hulls, a deck, a roomy cabin, and towering over them a very tall mast. I know nothing about boats, but I can tell this one is special. “Wow...,” I murmur in wonder. “Built by my company,” he says proudly and my heart swells. “She’s been designed from the ground up by the very best naval architects in the world and constructed here in Seattle at my yard. She has hybrid electric drives, asymmetric dagger boards, a square-topped mainsail—” “Okay... you’ve lost me, Christian.” He grins. “She’s a great boat.” “She looks mighty fine, Mr. Grey.” “That she does, Miss Steele.” “What’s her name?” He pulls me to the side so I can see her name: The Grace. I’m surprised. “You named her after your mom?” “Yes.” He cocks his head to one side, quizzical. “Why do you find that strange?” I shrug. I am surprised—he always seems ambivalent in her presence. “I adore my mom, Anastasia. Why wouldn’t I name a boat after her?” I flush. “No, it’s not that... it’s just...” Shit, how can I put this into words? “Anastasia, Grace Trevelyan saved my life. I owe her everything.” I gaze at him, and let the reverence in his softly spoken admission wash over me. It’s obvious to me, for the first time, that he loves his mom. Why then his strange strained ambivalence toward her? “Do you want to come aboard?” he asks, his eyes bright, excited. “Yes, please.” I smile. He looks delighted and delightful in one yummy scrumptious package. Grasping my hand, he strides up the small gangplank and leads me aboard so that we are standing on deck beneath a rigid canopy. To one side there’s a table and a U-shaped banquette covered in pale blue leather, which must seat at least eight people. I glance through the sliding doors to the interior of the cabin and jump, startled when I spy someone there. The tall blond man opens the sliding doors and emerges—all tanned, curly-haired and brown-eyed—wearing a faded pink short-sleeved polo shirt, shorts, and deck shoes. He must be in his early thirties.
“Mac.” Christian beams. “Mr. Grey! Welcome back.” They shake hands. “Anastasia, this is Liam McConnell. Liam, my girlfriend, Anastasia Steele.” Girlfriend! My inner goddess performs a quick arabesque. She’s still grinning over the convertible. I have to get used to this—it’s not the first time he’s said it, but hearing him say it is still a thrill. “How do you do?” Liam and I shake hands. “Call me Mac,” he says warmly, and I can’t place his accent. “Welcome aboard, Miss Steele.” “Ana, please,” I mutter, flushing. He has deep brown eyes. “How’s she shaping up, Mac?” Christian interjects quickly, and for a moment, I think he’s talking about me. “She’s ready to rock and roll, sir,” Mac beams. Oh, the boat, The Grace. Silly me. “Let’s get underway, then.” “You going to take her out?” “Yep.” Christian flashes Mac a quick wicked grin. “Quick tour, Anastasia?” “Yes, please.” I follow him inside the cabin. An L-shaped cream leather sofa is directly in front of us, and above it, a massive curved window offers a panoramic view of the marina. To the left is the kitchen area—very well appointed, all pale wood. “This is the main saloon. Galley beside,” Christian says, waving his hand in the direction of the kitchen. He takes my hand and leads me through the main cabin. It’s surprisingly spacious. The floor is the same pale wood. It looks modern and sleek and has a light, airy feel, but it’s all very functional, as if he doesn’t spend much time here. “Bathrooms on either side.” Christian points to two doors, then opens the small, oddly shaped door directly in front of us and steps in. We’re in a plush bedroom. Oh... It has a king-size cabin bed and is all pale blue linen and pale wood like his bedroom at Escala. Christian obviously chooses a theme and sticks to it. “This is the master cabin.” He gazes down at me, gray eyes glowing. “You’re the first girl in here, apart from family,” he smirks. “They don’t count.”
I flush under his heated stare, and my pulse quickens. Really? Another first. He pulls me into his arms, his fingers tangling in my hair, and kisses me, long and hard. We’re both breathless when he pulls away. “Might have to christen this bed,” he whispers against my mouth. Oh, at sea! “But not right now. Come, Mac will be casting off.” I ignore the stab of disappointment as he takes my hand and leads me back through the saloon. He indicates another door. “Office in there, and at the front here, two more cabins.” “So how many can sleep on board?” “It’s a six-berth cat. I’ve only ever had the family on board, though. I like to sail alone. But not when you’re here. I need to keep an eye on you.” He delves into a chest and pulls out a bright red lifejacket. “Here.” Putting it over my head, he tightens all the straps, a faint smile playing on his lips. “You love strapping me in, don’t you?” “In any form,” he says, a wicked grin playing on his lips. “You are a pervert.” “I know.” He raises his eyebrows and his grin broadens. “My pervert,” I whisper. “Yes, yours.” Once secured, he grabs the sides of the jacket and kisses me. “Always,” he breathes, then releases me before I have a chance to respond. Always! Holy shit. “Come.” He grabs my hand and leads me outside, up some steps, and onto the upper deck to a small cockpit that houses a big steering wheel and a raised seat. At the prow of the boat, Mac is doing something with ropes. “Is this where you learned all your rope tricks?” I ask Christian innocently. “Clove hitches have come in handy,” he says, looking at me appraisingly. “Miss Steele, you sound curious. I like you curious, baby. I’d be more than happy to demonstrate what I can do with a rope.” He smirks at me, and I gaze back impassively as if he’s upset me. His face falls.
“Gotcha.” I grin. His mouth twists and he narrows his eyes. “I may have to deal with you later, but right now, I’ve got to drive my boat.” He sits at the controls, presses a button, and the engines roar into life. Mac comes scooting back down the side of the boat, grinning at me, and jumps down to the deck below where he starts to unfasten a rope. Maybe he knows some rope tricks, too. The idea pops unwelcome into my head and I flush. My subconscious glares at me. Mentally I shrug at her and glance at Christian—I blame Fifty. He picks up the receiver and radios the coastguard as Mac calls up that we are set to go. Once more, I am dazzled by Christian’s expertise. He’s so competent. Is there nothing that this man can’t do? Then I remember his earnest attempt to chop and dice a pepper in my apartment on Friday. The thought makes me smile. Slowly, Christian eases The Grace out of her berth and toward the marina entrance. Behind us, a small crowd has gathered on the dockside to watch our departure. Small children are waving, and I wave back. Christian glances over his shoulder, then pulls me between his legs and points out various dials and gadgets in the cockpit. “Grab the wheel,” he orders, bossy as ever, but I do as I’m told. “Aye, aye, captain!” I giggle. Placing his hands snugly over mine, he continues to steer our course out of the marina, and within a few minutes, we are out on the open sea, slap into the cold blue waters of Puget Sound. Away from the shelter of the marina’s protective wall, the wind is stronger, and the sea pitches and rolls beneath us. I can’t help but grin, feeling Christian’s excitement—this is such fun. We make a large curve until we are heading west toward the Olympic Peninsula, the wind behind us. “Sail time,” Christian says, excited. “Here—you take her. Keep her on this course.” What? He grins, reacting to the horror in my face. “Baby, it’s really easy. Hold the wheel and keep your eye on the horizon over the bow. You’ll do great; you always do. When the sails go up, you’ll feel the drag. Just hold her steady. I’ll signal like this”—he makes a slashing motion across his throat—“and you can cut the engines. This button here.” He points to a large black button. “Understand?” “Yes.” I nod frantically, feeling panicky. Jeez—I hadn’t expected to do anything! He kisses me quickly, then he steps off his captain’s chair and bounds up to the front of the boat to join Mac where he starts unfurling sails, untying ropes, and operating winches and pulleys. They work well together in a team, shouting various nautical terms to each other, and it’s warming to see Fifty interacting with someone else in such a carefree manner.
Perhaps Mac is Fifty’s friend. He doesn’t seem to have many, as far as I can tell, but then, I don’t have many either. Well, not here in Seattle. The only friend I have is on vacation sunning herself in St. James on the west coast of Barbados. I have a sudden pang for Kate. I miss my roommate more than I thought I would when she left. I hope she changes her mind and comes home with her brother Ethan, rather than prolong her stay with Christian’s brother Elliot. Christian and Mac hoist the mainsail. It fills and billows out as the wind seizes it hungrily, and the boat lurches suddenly, zipping forward. I feel it through the wheel. Whoa! They get to work on the headsail, and I watch fascinated as it flies up the mast. The wind catches it, stretching it taut. “Hold her steady, baby, and cut the engines!” Christian cries out to me over the wind, motioning me to switch off the engines. I can only just hear his voice, but I nod enthusiastically, gazing at the man I love, all windswept, exhilarated, and bracing himself against the pitch and yaw of the boat. I press the button, the roar of the engines ceases, and The Grace soars toward the Olympic Peninsula, skimming across the water as if she’s flying. I want to yell and scream and cheer—this has to be one of the most exhilarating experiences of my life—except perhaps the glider, and maybe the Red Room of Pain. Holy cow, this boat can move! I stand firm, grasping the wheel, fighting the rudder, and Christian is behind me once more, his hands on mine. “What do you think?” he shouts above the sound of the wind and the sea. “Christian! This is fantastic.” He beams, grinning from ear to ear. “You wait until the spinney’s up.” He points with his chin toward Mac, who is unfurling the spinnaker—a sail that’s a dark, rich red. It reminds me of the walls in the playroom. “Interesting color,” I shout. He gives me a wolfish grin and winks. Oh, it’s deliberate. The spinney balloons out—a large, odd elliptical shape—putting The Grace in overdrive. Finding her head, she speeds over the Sound. “Asymmetrical sail. For speed.” Christian answers my unasked question. “It’s amazing.” I can think of nothing better to say. I have the most ridiculous grin on my face as we whip through the water, heading for the majesty of the Olympic Mountains and Bainbridge Island. Glancing back, I see Seattle shrinking behind us, Mount Rainier in the far distance.
I had not really appreciated how beautiful and rugged Seattle’s surrounding landscape is—verdant, lush, and temperate, tall evergreens and cliff faces jutting out here and there. It has a wild but serene beauty on this glorious sunny afternoon that takes my breath away. The stillness is stunning compared to our speed as we whip across the water. “How fast are we going?” “She’s doing 15 knots.” “I have no idea what that means.” “It’s about 17 miles an hour.” “Is that all? It feels much faster.” He squeezes my hands, smiling. “You look lovely, Anastasia. It’s good to see some color in your cheeks... and not from blushing. You look like you do in José’s photos.” I turn and kiss him. “You know how to show a girl a good time, Mr. Grey.” “We aim to please, Miss Steele.” He scoops my hair out of the way and kisses the back of my neck, sending delicious tingles down my spine. “I like seeing you happy,” he murmurs and tightens his arms around me. I gaze out over the wide blue water, wondering what I could possibly have done in the past to have fortune smile and deliver this beautiful man to me. Yes, you’re a lucky bitch, my subconscious snaps. But you have your work cut out with him. He’s not going to want this vanilla crap forever... you’re going to have to compromise. I glare mentally at her snarky, insolent face and rest my head against Christian’s chest. But deep down I know my subconscious is right, but I banish the thoughts. I don’t want to spoil my day. An hour later, we are anchored in a small, secluded cove off Bainbridge Island. Mac has gone ashore in the inflatable—for what, I don’t know—but I have my suspicions because as soon as Mac starts the outboard engine, Christian grabs my hand and practically drags me into his cabin, a man with a mission. Now he stands before me, exuding his intoxicating sensuality as his deft fingers make quick work of the straps on my lifejacket. He tosses it to one side and gazes intently down at me, eyes dark, dilated. I’m already lost and he’s barely touched me. He raises his hand to my face, and his fingers move down my chin, the column of my throat, my sternum, searing me with his touch, to the first button of my blue blouse.
“I want to see you,” he breathes and dexterously undoes the button. Bending, he plants a soft kiss on my parted lips. I am panting and eager, aroused by the potent combination of his captivating beauty, his raw sexuality in the confines of this cabin, and the gentle sway of the boat. He stands back. “Strip for me,” he whispers, eyes burning. Oh my. I’m only too happy to comply. Not taking my eyes off his, I slowly undo each button, savoring his scorching gaze. Oh, this is heady stuff. I can see his desire—it’s evident on his face... and elsewhere. I let my shirt fall to the floor and reach for the button on my jeans. “Stop,” he orders. “Sit.” I sit down on the edge of the bed, and in one fluid movement he’s on his knees in front of me, undoing the laces of first one and then the other sneaker, pulling each off, followed by my socks. He picks up my left foot and raising it, plants a soft kiss on the pad of my big toe, then grazes his teeth against it. “Ah!” I moan as I feel the effect in my groin. He stands in one smooth move, holds his hand out to me, and pulls me up off the bed. “Continue,” he says and stands back to watch me. I ease the zipper of my jeans down and hook my thumbs in the waistband as I sashay then slide the denim down my legs. A soft smile plays on his lips, but his eyes remain dark. And I don’t know if it’s because he made love to me this morning, and I mean really made love to me, gently, sweetly, or if it was his impassioned declaration—yes... I do—but I don’t feel embarrassed at all. I want to be sexy for this man. He deserves sexy—he makes me feel sexy. Okay, it’s new to me, but I’m learning under his expert tutelage. And then again, so much is new to him, too. It balances the seesaw between us, a little, I think. I am wearing some of my new underwear—a white lacy thong and matching bra—a designer brand with a price tag to match. I step out of my jeans and stand there for him in the lingerie he’s paid for, but I no longer feel cheap. I feel his. Reaching behind I unhook my bra, sliding the straps down my arms, and drop it on top of my blouse. Slowly, I slip my panties off, letting them fall to my ankles, and step out of them, surprised by my grace. Standing before him, I am naked and unashamed, and I know it’s because he loves me. I no longer have to hide. He says nothing, just gazes at me. All I see is his desire, his adoration even, and something else, the depth of his need—the depth of his love for me. He reaches down, lifts the hem of his cream-colored sweater, and pulls it over his head, followed by his T-shirt, revealing his chest, never taking his bold gray eyes off mine. His shoes and socks follow before he grasps the button of his jeans.
Reaching over, I whisper, “Let me.” His lips purse briefly into an ooh shape, and he smiles. “Be my guest.” I step toward him, slip my fearless fingers inside the waistband of his jeans, and tug so he’s forced to take a step closer to me. He gasps involuntarily at my unexpected audacity then smiles down at me. I undo the button, but before I unzip him I let my fingers wander, tracing his erection through the soft denim. He flexes his hips into my palm and closes his eyes briefly, relishing my touch. “You’re getting so bold, Ana, so brave,” he whispers and clasps my face with both hands, bending to kiss me deeply. I put my hands on his hips—half on his cool skin and half on the low-slung waistband of his jeans. “So are you,” I murmur against his lips as my thumbs rub slow circles on his skin, and he smiles. “Getting there.” I move my hands to the front of his jeans and pull down the zipper. My intrepid fingers move through his pubic hair to his erection, and I grasp him tightly. He makes a low sound in his throat, his sweet breath washing over me, and he kisses me again, lovingly. As my hand moves over him, around him, stroking him, squeezing him tightly, he puts his arms around me, his right hand flat against the middle of my back and his fingers spread. His left hand is in my hair, holding me to his mouth. “Oh, I want you so much, baby,” he breathes, and steps back suddenly to remove his jeans and boxers in one swift, agile move. He is a fine, fine sight in or out of clothes, every single inch of him. He is perfect. His beauty desecrated only by his scars, I think sadly. And they run so much deeper than his skin. “What’s wrong, Ana?” he murmurs and gently strokes my cheek with his knuckles. “Nothing. Love me, now.” He pulls me into his arms, kissing me, twisting his hands into my hair. Our tongues entwined, he walks me backward to the bed and gently lowers me onto it, following me down so that he’s lying by my side. He runs his nose along my jawline as my hands move to his hair. “Do you have any idea how exquisite your scent is, Ana? It’s irresistible.” His words do what they always do—flame my blood, quicken my pulse—and he trails his nose down my throat, across my breasts, kissing me reverentially as he does. “You are so beautiful,” he murmurs, as he takes one of my nipples in his mouth and softly suckles.
I moan as my body bows off the bed. “Let me hear you, baby.” His hand trails down to my waist, and I glory in the feel of his touch, skin to skin—his hungry mouth at my breasts and his skilled long fingers caressing and stroking me, cherishing me. Moving over my hips, over my behind, and down my leg to my knee, and all this time he’s kissing and sucking my breasts—oh my. Grasping my knee, he suddenly hitches my leg up, curling it over his hips, making me gasp, and I feel rather than see his responding grin against my skin. He rolls over so that I am astride him and hands me a foil packet. I shift back, taking him in my hands, and I just can’t resist him in all his glory. I bend and kiss him, taking him in my mouth, swirling my tongue around him, then sucking hard. He groans and flexes his hips so that he’s deeper in my mouth. Mmm... he tastes good. I want him inside me. I sit up and gaze at him; he’s breathless, mouth open, watching me intently. Hurriedly I tear open the condom and unroll it over him. He holds out his hands for me. I take one and with my other hand, position myself over him, then slowly claim him as mine. He groans low in his throat, closing his eyes. The feel of him in me... stretching... filling me—I moan softly—it’s divine. He places his hands on my hips and moves me up, down, and pushes into me. Oh... it’s so good. “Oh, baby,” he whispers, and suddenly he sits up so we’re nose to nose, and the sensation is extraordinary—so full. I gasp, grabbing his upper arms as he clasps my head in his hands and gazes into my eyes—his intense and gray, burning with desire. “Oh, Ana. What you make me feel,” he murmurs and kisses me passionately with fervent ardor. I kiss him back, dizzy with the delicious feeling of him buried deep inside me. “Oh, I love you,” I murmur. He groans as if pained to hear my whispered words and rolls over, taking me with him without breaking our precious contact, so that I’m lying beneath him. I wrap my legs around his waist. He stares down at me with adoring wonder, and I am sure I mirror his expression as I reach up to caress his beautiful face. Very slowly, he starts to move, closing his eyes as he does and moaning softly. The gentle sway of the boat and the peace and quiet tranquility of the cabin are broken only by our mingled breaths as he moves slowly in and out of me, so controlled and so good—it’s heavenly. He puts his arm over my head, his hand on my hair, and he caresses my face with the other as he bends to kiss me.
I’m cocooned by him, as he loves me, slowly moving in and out, savoring me. I touch him—sticking to the boundaries—his arms, his hair, his lower back, his beautiful behind—and my breathing accelerates as his steady rhythm pushes me higher and higher. He’s kissing my mouth, my chin, my jaw, then nibbling my ear. I can hear his staccato breaths with each gentle thrust of his body. My body starts to quiver. Oh... This feeling that I now know so well... I am close... Oh... “That’s right, baby... give it up for me... Please... Ana,” he murmurs and his words are my undoing. “Christian,” I call out, and he groans as we both come together. “Mac will be back soon,” he murmurs. “Hmm.” My eyes flicker open to meet his soft gray gaze. Lord, his eyes are an amazing color—especially here, out on the sea—reflecting the light bouncing off the water through the small portholes into the cabin. “As much as I’d like to lie here with you all afternoon, he’ll need a hand with the dinghy.” Leaning over, Christian kisses me tenderly. “Ana, you look so beautiful right now, all mussed up and sexy. Makes me want you more.” He smiles and rises from the bed. I lay on my front admiring the view. “You ain’t so bad yourself, captain.” I smack my lips in admiration and he grins. I watch him move gracefully about the cabin as he dresses. He really is divinely beautiful, and what’s more, he’s just made such sweet love to me again. I can hardly believe my good fortune. I can’t quite believe that this man is mine. He sits down beside me to put on his shoes. “Captain, eh?” he says dryly. “Well, I am master of this vessel.”
I cock my head to one side. “You are master of my heart, Mr. Grey.” And my body... and my soul. He shakes his head incredulously and bends to kiss me. “I’ll be on deck. There’s a shower in the bathroom if you want one. Do you need anything? A drink?” he asks solicitously, and all I can do is grin at him. Is this the same man? Is this the same Fifty? “What?” he says, reacting to my stupid grin. “You.” “What about me?” “Who are you and what have you done with Christian?” He lips twitch with a sad smile. “He’s not very far away, baby,” he says softly, and there’s a touch of melancholy in his voice that makes me instantly regret asking the question. But he shakes it off. “You’ll see him soon enough”—he smirks at me—“especially if you don’t get up.” Reaching over, he smacks me hard on my behind so I yelp and laugh at the same time. “You had me worried.” “Did I, now?” Christian’s brow creases. “You do give off some mixed signals, Anastasia. How’s a man supposed to keep up?” He leans down and kisses me again. “Laters, baby,” he adds, and with a dazzling smile, he gets up and leaves me to my scattered thoughts. When I surface on deck, Mac is back on board, but he disappears onto the upper deck as I open the saloon doors. Christian is on his Blackberry. Talking to whom? I wonder. He wanders over and pulls me close, kissing my hair. “Great news... good. Yeah... Really? The fire escape stairwell?... I see... Yes, tonight.” He hits the end button, and the sound of the engines firing up startles me. Mac must be in the cockpit above. “Time to head back,” Christian says, kissing me once more as he straps me into my lifejacket. The sun is low in the sky behind us as we make our way back to the marina, and I reflect on a wonderful afternoon. Under Christian’s careful, patient tuition, I have now stowed a mainsail, a headsail, and a spinnaker and learned to tie a reef knot, clove hitch, and sheepshank. His lips were twitching throughout the lesson. “I may tie you up one day,” I mutter crabbily. His mouth twists with humor. “You’ll have to catch me first, Miss Steele.”
His words bring to mind him chasing me round the apartment, the thrill, then the hideous aftermath. I frown and shudder. After that, I left him. Would I leave him again now that he’s admitted he loves me? I gaze up into his clear gray eyes. Could I ever leave him again—no matter what he did to me? Could I betray him like that? No. I don’t think I could. He’s given me a more thorough tour of this beautiful boat, explaining all the innovative designs and techniques, and the high-quality materials used to build it. I remember the interview when I first met him. I picked up then on his passion for ships. I thought his love was only for the ocean-going freighters his company builds—not for super-sexy, sleek catamarans, too. And, of course, he’s made sweet, unhurried love to me. I shake my head, remembering my body bowed and wanting beneath his expert hands. He is an exceptional lover, I’m sure—though, of course, I have no comparison. But Kate would have raved more if it was always like this; it’s not like her to hold back on details. But how long will this be enough for him? I just don’t know, and the thought is unnerving. Now he sits, and I stand in the safe circle of his arms for hours, it seems, in comfortable, companionable silence as The Grace glides closer and closer to Seattle. I have the wheel, Christian advising on adjustments every so often. “There is poetry in sailing as old as the world,”[1] he murmurs in my ear. [1] 1 de Saint-Exupéry, Antoine. Night Flight. Translated by Stuart Gilbert. New Jersey: Prentice Hall, June 1932. (First published in 1931 under the original title of Vol de nuit.) “That sounds like a quote.” I sense his grin. “It is. Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.” “Oh... I adore The Little Prince.” “Me, too.” It is early evening as Christian, his hands still on mine, steers us into the marina. There are lights winking from the boats, reflecting off the dark water, but it is still light—a balmy, bright evening, an overture for what is sure to be a spectacular sunset. A crowd gathers on the dockside as Christian slowly turns the boat around in a relatively small space. He does it with ease and reverses smoothly into the same berth we left earlier. Mac jumps on to the dock and ties The Grace securely to a bollard. “Back again,” Christian murmurs.
“Thank you,” I murmur shyly. “That was a perfect afternoon.” Christian grins. “I thought so, too. Perhaps we can enroll you in sailing school, so we can go out for a few days, just the two of us.” “I’d love that. We can christen the bedroom again and again.” He leans forward and kisses me under my ear. “Hmm... I look forward to it, Anastasia,” he whispers, making every single hair follicle on my body stand to attention. How does he do that? “Come, the apartment is clean. We can go back.” “What about our things at the hotel?” “Taylor has collected them already.” Oh! When? “Earlier today, after he did a sweep of The Grace with his team.” Christian answers my unspoken question. “Does that poor man ever sleep?” “He sleeps.” Christian quirks an eyebrow at me, puzzled. “He’s just doing his job, Anastasia, which he’s very good at. Jason is a real find.” “Jason?” “Jason Taylor.” I remember when I thought Taylor was his first name. Jason.It suits him—solid, reliable. For some reason it makes me smile. “You’re fond of Taylor,” Christian says, eyeing me with speculation. “I suppose I am.” His question derails me. He frowns. “I’m not attracted to him, if that’s why you’re frowning. Stop.” Christian is almost pouting—sulky. Jeez, he’s such a child sometimes. “I think Taylor looks after you very well. That’s why I like him. He seems kind, reliable and loyal. He has an avuncular appeal to me.” “Avuncular?”
“Yes.” “Okay, avuncular.” Christian is testing the word and meaning. I laugh. “Oh, Christian, grow up, for heaven’s sake.” His mouth drops open, surprised by my outburst, but then he frowns as if considering my statement. “I’m trying,” he says eventually. “That you are. Very.” I answer softly but then roll my eyes at him. “What memories you evoke when you roll your eyes at me, Anastasia.” He grins. I smirk at him. “Well, if you behave yourself, maybe we can relive some of those memories.” His mouth twists with humor. “Behave myself?” He raises his eyebrows. “Really, Miss Steele—what makes you think I want to relive them?” “Probably the way your eyes lit up like Christmas when I said that.” “You know me so well already,” he says dryly. “I’d like to know you better.” He smiles softly. “And I you, Anastasia.” “Thanks, Mac.” Christian shakes McConnell’s hand and steps on the dock. “Always a pleasure, Mr. Grey, and good-bye. Ana, great to meet you.” I shake his hand shyly. He must know what Christian and I were up to on the boat while he went ashore. “Good day, Mac, and thank you.” He grins at me and winks, making me flush. Christian takes my hand, and we walk up the dock to the marina’s promenade. “Where’s Mac from?” I ask, curious about his accent. “Ireland... Northern Ireland,” Christian corrects himself. “Is he your friend?” “Mac? He works for me. Helped build The Grace.” “Do you have many friends?”
He frowns. “Not really. Doing what I do... I don’t cultivate friendships. There’s only—” He stops, his frown deepening, and I know he was going to mention Mrs. Robinson. “Hungry?” he asks, trying to change the subject. I nod. Actually, I’m famished. “We’ll eat where I left the car. Come.” Next to SP’s is a small Italian bistro called Bee’s. It reminds me of the place in Portland—a few tables and booths, the décor very crisp and modern with a large black and white photograph of a turn-of-thecentury fiesta serving as a mural. Christian and I are seated in a booth, poring over the menu and sipping a delicious light Frascati. When I glance up from the menu, having made my choice, Christian is gazing at me speculatively. “What?” I ask. “You look lovely, Anastasia. The outdoors agrees with you.” I flush. “I feel rather wind-burned to tell the truth. But I had a lovely afternoon. A perfect afternoon. Thank you.” He smiles, his eyes warm. “My pleasure,” he murmurs. “Can I ask you something?” I decide on a fact-finding mission. “Anything, Anastasia. You know that.” He cocks his head to one side, looking delicious. “You don’t seem to have many friends. Why is that?” He shrugs and frowns. “I told you, I don’t really have time. I have business associates—though that’s very different from friendships, I suppose. I have my family and that’s it. Apart from Elena.” I ignore the mention of the bitch-troll. “No male friends your own age that you can go out with and let off steam?” “You know how I like to let off steam, Anastasia.” Christian’s mouth twists. “And I’ve been working, building up the business.” He looks puzzled. “That’s all I do—except sail and fly occasionally.” “Not even in college?” “Not really.” “Just Elena, then?” He nods, his expression wary.
“Must be lonely.” His lips curl in a small wistful smile. “What would you like to eat?” he asks, changing the subject again. “I’m going for the risotto.” “Good choice.” Christian summons the waiter, putting an end to that conversation. After we’ve placed our order, I shift uncomfortably in my seat, staring at my knotted fingers. If he’s in a talking mood, I need to take advantage. I have to talk to him about his expectations, about his, um... needs. “Anastasia, what’s wrong? Tell me.” I glance up into his concerned face. “Tell me,” he says more forcefully, and his concern evolves into what? Fear? Anger? I take a deep breath. “I’m just worried that this isn’t enough for you. You know, to let off steam.” His jaw tenses and his eyes harden. “Have I given you any indication that this isn’t enough?” “No.” “Then why do you think that?” “I know what you’re like. What you... um... need,” I stutter. He closes his eyes and rubs his forehead with long fingers. “What do I have to do?” His voice is ominously soft as if he’s angry, and my heart sinks. “No, you misunderstand—you have been amazing, and I know it’s just been a few days, but I hope I’m not forcing you to be someone you’re not.” “I’m still me, Anastasia—in all my fifty shades of fuckedupness. Yes, I have to fight the urge to be controlling... but that’s my nature, how I’ve dealt with my life. Yes, I expect you to behave a certain way, and when you don’t it’s both challenging and refreshing. We still do what I like to do. You let me spank you after your outrageous bid yesterday.” He smiles fondly at the memory. “I enjoy punishing you. I don’t think the urge will ever go... but I’m trying, and it’s not as hard as I thought it would be.” I squirm and flush, remembering our illicit tryst in his childhood bedroom. “I didn’t mind that,” I whisper, smiling shyly. “I know.” His lips curl in a reluctant smile. “Neither did I. But let me tell you, Anastasia, this is all new to me and these last few days have been the best in my life. I don’t want to change anything.”
Oh! “They’ve been the best in my life, too, without exception,” I murmur and his smile broadens. My inner goddess nods frantically in agreement—and nudges me hard. Okay, okay. “So you don’t want to take me into your playroom?” He swallows and pales, all trace of humor gone. “No, I don’t.” “Why not?” I whisper. This is not the answer I expected. And yes, there it is, that little pinch of disappointment. My inner goddess stomps off pouting, her arms crossed like an angry toddler. “The last time we were in there you left me,” he says quietly. “I will shy away from anything that could make you leave me again. I was devastated when you left. I explained that. I never want to feel like that again. I’ve told you how I feel about you.” His gray eyes are wide and intense with his sincerity. “But it hardly seems fair. It can’t be very relaxing for you—to be constantly concerned about how I feel. You’ve made all these changes for me, and I... I think I should reciprocate in some way. I don’t know— maybe... try... some role-playing games,” I stutter, my face as crimson as the walls of the playroom. Why is this so hard to talk about? I have done all manner of kinky fuckery with this man, things I hadn’t even heard of a few weeks ago, things that I would never have thought possible, yet the hardest of all is talking to him. “Ana, you do reciprocate, more than you know. Please, please don’t feel like this.” Gone is carefree Christian. His eyes are wider now with alarm, and it’s gut-wrenching. “Baby, it’s only been one weekend,” he continues. “Give us some time. I thought a great deal about us last week when you left. We need time. You need to trust me, and I you. Maybe in time we can indulge, but I like how you are now. I like seeing you this happy, this relaxed and carefree, knowing that I had something to do with it. I have never—” He stops and runs his hand through his hair. “We have to walk before we can run.” Suddenly he smirks. “What’s so funny?” “Flynn. He says that all the time. I never thought I’d be quoting him.” “A Flynnism.” Christian laughs. “Exactly.” The waiter arrives with our starters and bruschetta, and our conversation changes tack as Christian relaxes.
But when the unfeasibly large plates are placed before us, I can’t help think how I have thought of Christian today—relaxed, happy and carefree. At least he’s laughing now, at ease again. I breathe an inward sigh of relief as he starts quizzing me about places I’ve been. This is a short discussion, since I have never been anywhere except the continental US. Christian, on the other hand, has traveled the world. We slip into an easier, happier conversation, talking about all the places he’s visited. After our tasty and filling meal, Christian drives back to Escala, Eva Cassidy’s gentle sweet voice singing over the speakers. It allows me a peaceful interlude in which to think. I have had a mind-blowing day. Dr. Greene, our shower, Christian’s admission, making love at the hotel and on the boat, buying the car. Even Christian himself has been so different. It’s as if he’s letting go of something or rediscovering something—I don’t know. Who knew he could be so sweet? Did he? When I glance at him, he, too, looks lost in thought. It strikes me then that he never really had an adolescence—a normal one anyway. I shake my head. My mind drifts back to the ball and dancing with Dr. Flynn and Christian’s fear that Flynn had told me all about him. Christian is still hiding something from me. How can we move on if he feels that way? He thinks I might leave if I know him. He thinks that I might leave if he’s himself. Oh, this man is so complicated. As we get closer to his home, he starts radiating tension until it becomes palpable. As we drive, he scans the sidewalks and side alleys, his eyes darting everywhere, and I know he’s looking for Leila. I start looking, too. Every young brunette is a suspect, but we don’t see her. When he pulls into the garage, his mouth is set in a tense, grim line. I wonder why we’ve come back here if he’s going to be so wary and uptight. Sawyer is in the garage, patrolling. The defiled Audi is gone. He comes to open my door as Christian pulls in beside the SUV. “Hello, Sawyer,” I murmur my greeting. “Miss Steele.” He nods. “Mr. Grey.” “No sign?” Christian asks. “No, sir.” Christian nods, grasps my hand, and heads for the elevator. I know his brain is working overtime—he’s distracted. Once we’re inside he turns to me. “You are not allowed out of here alone. You understand?” he snaps.
“Okay.” Jeez—keep your hair on. But his attitude makes me smile. I want to hug myself—now this man, all domineering and short with me I know. I marvel that I would have found it so threatening only a week or so ago when he spoke to me this way. But now, I understand him so much better. This is his coping mechanism. He’s stressed about Leila, he loves me, and he wants to protect me. “What’s so funny?” he murmurs, a hint of amusement in his expression. “You are.” “Me? Miss Steele? Why am I funny?” he pouts. Christian pouting is... hot. “Don’t pout.” “Why?” He’s even more amused. “Because it has the same effect on me as I have on you when I do this.” I bite my lip deliberately. He raises his eyebrows, surprised and pleased at the same time. “Really?” He pouts again and leans down to give me a swift chaste kiss. I raise my lips to meet his, and in the nanosecond when our lips touch, the nature of the kiss changes— wildfire spreading through my veins from this intimate point of contact, driving me to him. Suddenly, my fingers are curling in his hair as he grabs me and pushes me against the elevator wall, his hands framing my face, holding me to his lips as our tongues thrash against each other. And I don’t know if it’s the confines of the elevator making everything much more real, but I feel his need, his anxiety, his passion. Holy shit. I want him, here, now. The elevator pings to a halt, the doors slide open, and Christian drags his face from mine, his hips still pinning me to the wall, his erection digging into me. “Whoa,” he murmurs panting. “Whoa,” I mirror him, dragging a welcome breath into my lungs. He gazes at me, eyes blazing. “What you do to me, Ana.” He traces my lower lip with his thumb. Out of the corner of my eye, Taylor steps backward so he’s no longer in my line of sight. I reach up and kiss Christian at the corner of his beautifully sculptured mouth. “What you do to me, Christian.” He steps back and takes my hand, his eyes darker now, hooded. “Come,” he orders.
Taylor is still in the foyer, waiting discreetly for us. “Good evening, Taylor,” Christian says cordially. “Mr. Grey, Miss Steele.” “I was Mrs. Taylor yesterday.” I grin at Taylor, who flushes. “That has a nice ring to it, Miss Steele,” Taylor says matter-of-factly. “I thought so, too.” Christian tightens his hold on my hand, scowling. “If you two have quite finished, I’d like a debrief.” He glares at Taylor, who now looks uncomfortable, and I cringe inwardly. I have overstepped the mark. “Sorry,” I mouth at Taylor, who shrugs and smiles kindly before I turn to follow Christian. “I’ll be with you shortly. I just want a word with Miss Steele,” Christian says to Taylor, and I know I’m in trouble. Christian leads me into his bedroom and closes the door. “Don’t flirt with the staff, Anastasia,” he scolds. I open my mouth to defend myself—then close it again, then open it. “I wasn’t flirting. I was being friendly—there is a difference.” “Don’t be friendly with the staff or flirt with them. I don’t like it.” Oh. Good-bye, carefree Christian. “I’m sorry,” I mutter and stare down at my fingers. He hasn’t made me feel like a child all day. Reaching down he cups my chin, pulling my head up to meet his eyes. “You know how jealous I am,” he whispers. “You have no reason to be jealous, Christian. You own me body and soul.” He blinks as if he’s finding this fact hard to process. He leans down and kisses me quickly, but with none of the passion we experienced a moment ago in the elevator. “I won’t be long. Make yourself at home,” he says sulkily and turns, leaving me standing in his bedroom, dazed and confused. Why on earth would he be jealous of Taylor? I shake my head in disbelief. Glancing at the alarm clock, I notice it’s just after eight. I decide to get my clothes ready for work tomorrow. I head upstairs to my room and open the walk-in closet. It’s empty. All the clothes have gone. Oh no! Christian has taken me at my word and disposed of the clothes. Shit.
My subconscious glares at me. Well, that will be you and your big mouth. Why did he take me at my word? My mother’s advice comes back to haunt me, “Men are so literal, darling.” I pout, staring at the empty space. There were some lovely clothes, too, like the silver dress I wore to the ball. I wander disconsolately into the bedroom, Wait a moment—what is going on? The iPad is gone. Where’s my Mac? Oh no. My first uncharitable thought is that Leila may have stolen them. I fly back downstairs and back into Christian’s bedroom. On the bedside table are my Mac, my iPad, and my satchel. It’s all here. I open the walk-in closet door. My clothes are here—all of them—sharing space with Christian’s clothes. When did this happen? Why does he never warn me before he does things like this? I turn, and he’s standing in the doorway. “Oh, they managed the move,” he mutters, distracted. “What’s wrong?” I ask. His face is grim. “Taylor thinks Leila was getting in through the emergency stairwell. She must have had a key. All the locks have been changed now. Taylor’s team has done a sweep of every room in the apartment. She’s not here.” He stops and runs a hand through his hair. “I wish I knew where she was. She’s evading all our attempts to find her when she needs help.” He frowns, and my earlier pique vanishes. I put my arms around him. Folding me into his embrace, he kisses my hair. “What will you do when you find her?” I ask. “Dr. Flynn has a place.” “What about her husband?” “He’s washed his hands of her.” Christian’s tone is bitter. “Her family is in Connecticut. I think she’s very much on her own out there.” “That’s sad.” “Are you okay with all your stuff being here? I want you to share my room,” he murmurs. Whoa, quick change of direction. “Yes.” “I want you sleeping with me. I don’t have nightmares when you’re with me.” “You have nightmares?”
“Yes.” I tighten my hold around him. Holy cow. More baggage. My heart contracts for this man. “I was just getting my clothes ready for work tomorrow,” I mutter. “Work!” Christian exclaims as if it’s a dirty word, and he releases me, glaring. “Yes, work,” I reply, confused by his reaction. He stares at me with complete incomprehension. “But Leila—she’s out there,” he pauses. “I don’t want you to go to work.” What? “That’s ridiculous, Christian. I have to go to work.” “No, you don’t.” “I have a new job, which I enjoy. Of course I have to go to work.” What does he mean? “No, you don’t,” he repeats, emphatically. “Do you think I am going to stay here twiddling my thumbs while you’re off being Master of the Universe?” “Frankly... yes.” Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty... give me strength. “Christian, I need to go to work.” “No, you don’t.” “Yes. I. Do.” I say it slowly as if he’s a child. He scowls at me. “It’s not safe.” “Christian... I need to work for a living, and I’ll be fine.” “No, you don’t need to work for a living—and how do you know you’ll be fine?” He’s almost shouting. What does he mean? He’s going to support me? Oh, this is beyond ridiculous—I’ve known him for what—five weeks? He’s angry now, his gray eyes stormy and flashing, but I don’t give a shit. “For heaven’s sake, Christian, Leila was standing at the end of your bed, and she didn’t harm me, and yes, I do need to work. I don’t want to be beholden to you. I have my student loans to pay.”
His mouth presses into a grim line, as I place my hands on my hips. I am not budging on this. Who the fuck does he think he is? “I don’t want you going to work.” “It’s not up to you, Christian. This is not your decision to make.” He runs his hand through his hair as he stares at me. Seconds, minutes tick by as we glare at each other. “Sawyer will come with you.” “Christian, that’s not necessary. You’re being irrational.” “Irrational?” he growls. “Either he comes with you, or I will be really irrational and keep you here.” He wouldn’t, would he? “How, exactly?” “Oh, I’d find a way, Anastasia. Don’t push me.” “Okay!” I concede, holding up both my hands, placating him. Holy fuck—Fifty is back with a vengeance. We stand, scowling at each other. “Okay—Sawyer can come with me if it makes you feel better.” I concede rolling my eyes. Christian narrows his and takes a menacing step in my direction. I immediately step back. He stops and takes a deep breath, closes his eyes, and runs both his hands through his hair. Oh no. Fifty is well and truly wound up. “Shall I give you a tour?” A tour? Are you kidding me? “Okay,” I mutter warily. Another change of tack—Mr. Mercurial is back in town. He holds out his hand and when I take it, he squeezes mine softly. “I didn’t mean to frighten you.” “You didn’t. I was just getting ready to run,” I quip. “Run?” Christian eyes widen. “I’m joking!” Oh jeez. He leads me out of the closet, and I take a moment to calm down. Adrenaline is still coursing through my body. A fight with Fifty is not to be undertaken lightly. He gives me a tour of the apartment, showing me the various rooms. Along with the playroom and three spare bedrooms upstairs, I’m intrigued to find that Taylor and Mrs. Jones have a wing to themselves—a
kitchen, spacious living area, and a bedroom each. Mrs. Jones has not yet returned from visiting her sister who lives in Portland. Downstairs, the room that catches my eye is opposite his study—a TV room with a too-large plasma screen and assorted games consoles. It’s cozy. “So you do have an Xbox?” I smirk. “Yes, but I’m crap at it. Elliot always beats me. That was funny, when you thought I meant this room was my playroom.” He grins down at me his snit-fit forgotten. Thank heavens he’s recovered his good mood. “I’m glad you find me amusing, Mr. Grey,” I respond haughtily. “That you are, Miss Steele—when you’re not being exasperating, of course.” “I’m usually exasperating when you’re being unreasonable.” “Me? Unreasonable?” “Yes, Mr. Grey. Unreasonable could be your middle name.” “I don’t have a middle name.” “Unreasonable would suit then.” “I think that’s a matter of opinion, Miss Steele.” “I would be interested in Dr. Flynn’s professional opinion.” Christian smirks. “I thought Trevelyan was your middle name.” “No. Surname.” “But you don’t use it.” “It’s too long. Come,” he commands. I follow him out of the TV room through the great room to the main corridor past the utility room and an impressive wine cellar and into Taylor’s own large, wellequipped office. Taylor stands when we enter. There’s room in here for a meeting table that seats six. Above one desk is a bank of monitors. I had no idea the apartment had CCTV. It appears to monitor the balcony, stairwell, service elevator, and foyer. “Hi, Taylor. I’m just giving Anastasia a tour.” Taylor nods but doesn’t smile. I wonder if he’s been told off, too, and why is he still working? When I smile at him, he nods politely. Christian grabs my hand once more and leads me to the library.
“And, of course, you’ve been in here.” Christian opens the door. I spy the green baize of the billiard table. “Shall we play?” I ask. Christian smiles, surprised. “Okay. Have you played before?” “A few times,” I lie, and he narrows his eyes, cocking his head to one side. “You’re a hopeless liar, Anastasia. Either you’ve never played before or—” I lick my lips. “Frightened of a little competition?” “Frightened of a little girl like you?” Christian scoffs good-naturedly. “A wager, Mr. Grey.” “You’re that confident, Miss Steele?” He smirks, amused and incredulous at once. “What would you like to wager?” “If I win, you’ll take me back into the playroom.” He gazes at me as if he can’t quite comprehend what I’ve said. “And if I win?” he asks after several shellshocked beats. “Then it’s your choice.” His mouth twists as he contemplates his answer. “Okay, deal.” He smirks. “Do you want to play pool, English snooker or carom billiards?” “Pool, please. I don’t know the others.” From a cupboard beneath one of the bookshelves, Christian takes out a large leather case. Inside the pool balls are nested in velvet. Quickly and efficiently, he racks the balls on the baize. I don’t think I’ve ever played pool on such a large table before. Christian hands me a cue and some chalk. “Would you like to break?” He feigns politeness. He’s enjoying himself—he thinks he’s going to win. “Okay.” I chalk the end of my cue, and blow the excess chalk off—staring up at Christian through my lashes. His eyes darken as I do. I line up on the white ball and with a swift clean stroke, hit the center ball of the triangle square on with such force that a striped ball spins and plunges into the top right pocket. I’ve scattered the rest of the balls. “I choose stripes,” I say innocently, smiling coyly at Christian. His mouth twists in amusement.
“Be my guest,” he says politely. I proceed to pocket the next three balls in quick succession. Inside, I’m dancing. At this moment, I am so grateful to José for teaching me to play pool and play it well. Christian watches impassively, giving nothing away, but his amusement seems to ebb. I miss the green stripe by a hairsbreadth. “You know, Anastasia, I could stand here and watch you leaning and stretching across this billiard table all day,” he says appreciatively. I flush. Thank heavens I am wearing my jeans. He smirks. He’s trying to put me off my game, the bastard. He pulls his cream sweater over his head, tosses it onto the back of a chair, and grins at me, as he saunters over to take his first shot. He bends low over the table. My mouth goes dry. Oh, I see what he means. Christian in tight jeans and white T-shirt, bending, like that... is something to behold. I quite lose my train of thought. He sinks four solids rapidly, then fouls by sinking the white. “A very elementary mistake, Mr. Grey,” I tease. He smirks. “Ah, Miss Steele, I am but a foolish mortal. Your go, I believe.” He waves at the table. “You’re not trying to lose are you?” “Oh no. For what I have in mind as the prize, I want to win, Anastasia.” He shrugs casually. “But then, I always want to win.” I narrow my eyes at him. Right then... I’m so glad I’m wearing my blue blouse, which is pleasingly lowcut. I stalk around the table, bending low at every available opportunity—giving Christian an eyeful of my behind and my cleavage whenever I can. Two can play at that game. I glance at him. “I know what you’re doing,” he whispers, his eyes dark. I tilt my head coquettishly to one side, gently fondling my cue, running my hand up and down it slowly. “Oh. I am just deciding where to take my next shot,” I murmur distractedly. Leaning across, I hit the orange stripe into a better position. I then stand directly in front of Christian and take the rest from underneath the table. I line up my next shot, leaning right over the table. I hear Christian’s sharp intake of breath, and of course, I miss. Shit. He comes to stand behind me while I am still bent over the table and places his hand on my backside. Hmm... “Are you waving this around to taunt me, Miss Steele?” And he smacks me, hard. I gasp. “Yes,” I mutter, because it’s true. “Be careful what you wish for, baby.”
I rub my behind as he wanders to the other end of the table, leans over, and takes his shot. Jeez, I could look at him all day. He hits the red ball, and it shoots into the left side pocket. He aims for the yellow, top right, and it just misses. I grin. “Red Room here we come,” I taunt him. He merely raises an eyebrow and directs me to continue. I make quick work of the green stripe and by some fluke, manage to knock in the final orange stripe. “Name your pocket,” Christian murmurs, and it’s as if he’s talking about something else, something dark and rude. “Top left-hand.” I take aim over the black, hit it, but miss. It skirts wide. Damn. Christian smiles a wicked grin as he leans over the table and makes short work of the two remaining solids. I am practically panting, watching him, his lithe body stretching over the table. He stands and chalks his cue, his eyes burning into me. “If I win...” Oh yes? “I am going to spank you, then fuck you over this billiard table.” Holy shit. Every single muscle south of my navel clenches hard. “Top right,” he murmurs, pointing to the black, and bends to take the shot.
With easy grace, Christian taps the white ball so that it glides across the table, kisses the black and ohso-slowly the black rolls, teeters on the edge, and finally drops into the top right pocket of the billiard table. Damn. He stands, and his mouth twists in a triumphant I-so-own-you-Steele smile. Putting down his cue, he saunters casually toward me, all tousled hair, jeans, and white T-shirt. He doesn’t look like a CEO—he looks like a bad boy from the wrong side of town. Holy cow, he’s so fucking sexy. “You’re not going to be a sore loser, are you?” he murmurs, barely containing his grin. “Depends how hard you spank me,” I whisper, holding on to my cue for support. He takes my cue and puts it to one side, hooks his finger into the top of my shirt, and pulls me toward him. “Well, let’s count your misdemeanors, Miss Steele.” He counts on his long fingers. “One, making me jealous of my own staff. Two, arguing with me about working. And three, waving your delectable derriere at me for the last twenty minutes.” His eyes glow a soft gray with excitement, and leaning down, he rubs his nose against mine. “I want you to take your jeans and this very fetching shirt off. Now.” He plants a feather-soft kiss on my lips, wanders nonchalantly over to the door, and locks it. Oh my. When he turns and gazes at me, his eyes are burning. I stand paralyzed like a complete zombie, my heart pounding, my blood pumping, not actually able to move a muscle. In my mind, all I can think is—this is for him—the thought repeating like a mantra over and over again. “Clothes, Anastasia. You appear to still be wearing them. Take them off—or I will do it for you.” “You do it.” I finally find my voice, and it sounds low and heated. Christian grins. “Oh, Miss Steele. It’s a dirty job, but I think I can rise to the challenge.” “You normally rise to most challenges, Mr. Grey.” I raise an eyebrow at him, and he smirks. “Why, Miss Steele, whatever do you mean?” On his way over to me, he pauses at the small desk built into one of the bookshelves. Reaching over, he picks up a twelve-inch Perspex ruler. He holds each end and flexes it, his eyes not leaving mine. Holy shit—his weapon of choice. My mouth goes dry. Suddenly, I’m hot and bothered and damp in all the right places. Only Christian could turn me on with just a look and the flex of a ruler. He slips it into the back pocket of his jeans and ambles toward me, eyes dark and full of promise. Without saying a word, he drops to his knees in front of me and starts to undo my laces, quickly and efficiently, dragging both my Converse and socks off. I lean on the side of the
billiard table so I don’t fall. Gazing down at him as he undoes my laces, I marvel at the depth of feeling that I have for this beautiful flawed man. I love him. He grabs my hips, slips his fingers into the waistband of my jeans, and undoes the button and zipper. He peers up through his long lashes, grinning his most salacious grin as he slowly peels my jeans off. I step out of them, glad that I’m wearing these pretty, pretty panties, and he grasps the back of my legs and runs his nose along the apex of my thighs. I practically melt. “I want to be quite rough with you, Ana. You’ll have to tell me to stop if it’s too much,” he breathes. Oh my. He kisses me... there. I moan softly. “Safe word?” I murmur. “No, no safe word, just tell me to stop, and I’ll stop. Understand?” He kisses me again, nuzzling me. Oh, that feels good. He stands, his stare intense. “Answer me,” he orders his voice velvet soft. “Yes, yes, I understand.” I’m puzzled by his insistence. “You’ve been dropping hints and giving me mixed signals all day, Anastasia,” he says. “You said you were worried I’d lost my edge. I’m not sure what you meant by that, and I don’t know how serious you were, but we are going to find out. I don’t want to go back into the playroom yet, so we can try this now, but if you don’t like it, you must promise to tell me.” A burning intensity born of his anxiety replaces his earlier cockiness. Whoa, please don’t be anxious, Christian. “I’ll tell you. No safe word,” I reiterate to reassure him. “We’re lovers, Anastasia. Lovers don’t need safe words.” He frowns. “Do they?” “I guess not,” I murmur. Jeez—how do I know? “I promise.” He searches my face for any clue that I might lack the courage of my convictions, and I’m nervous but excited, too. I’m much happier to do this, knowing that he loves me. It’s very simple to me, and right now, I don’t want to overthink it. A slow smile stretches across his face, and he starts to unbutton my shirt, his deft fingers making short work of it, though he doesn’t take it off. He leans over and picks up the cue. Oh fuck, what’s he going to do with that? A frisson of fear runs through me. “You play well, Miss Steele. I must say I’m surprised. Why don’t you sink the black?” My fear forgotten, I pout, wondering why the hell he should be surprised—sexy, arrogant bastard. My inner goddess is limbering up in the background, doing her floor exercises—a great fat smile on her face.
I position the white ball. Christian strolls back around the table and stands right behind me as I lean over to take my shot. He places his hand on my right thigh and runs his fingers up and down my leg, up to my behind and back again, lightly stroking me. “I am going to miss if you keep doing that,” I whisper, closing my eyes and relishing the feel of his hands on me. “I don’t care if you hit or miss, baby. I just wanted to see you like this—partially dressed, stretched out on my billiard table. Do you have any idea how hot you look at the moment?” I flush, and my inner goddess grabs a rose between her teeth and starts to tango. Taking a deep breath, I try to ignore him and line up my shot. It’s impossible. He caresses my behind, over and over again. “Top left,” I murmur, then hit the white ball. He smacks me hard, squarely on my backside. It’s so unexpected, I yelp. The white hits the black, which bounces off the cushion wide of the pocket. Christian caresses my behind again. “Oh, I think you need to try that again,” he whispers. “You should concentrate, Anastasia.” I am panting now, excited by this game. He strolls to the end of the table, sets up the black ball again, then runs the white ball back down to me. He looks so carnal, dark eyed with a lascivious smile. How could I ever resist this man? I catch the ball and line it up, ready to strike again. “Uh-uh,” he admonishes. “Just wait.” Oh, he just loves prolonging the agony. He wanders back and stands behind me again. I close my eyes once more as he strokes my left thigh this time then fondles my backside again. “Take aim,” he breathes. I can’t help my moan as desire twists and turns inside me. And I try, really try, to think about where I should hit the black with the white. I shift slightly to my right, and he follows me. I bend over the table once more. Using every last vestige of inner strength—which has diminished considerably since I know what will happen once I strike the white ball—I take aim and hit the white again. Christian smacks me once more, hard. Ow! I miss again. “Oh no!” I groan. “Once more, baby. And if you miss this time, I’m really going to let you have it.” What? Have what? He sets up the black ball once more and walks, achingly slow, back to me until he’s standing behind me, caressing my backside once more. “You can do it,” he coaxes.
Oh—not when you’re distracting me like this. I push my behind back against his hand, and he smacks me lightly. “Eager, Miss Steele?” he murmurs. Yes. I want you. “Well, let’s get rid of these.” He gently slides my panties down my thighs and off. I can’t see what he does with them, but he leaves me feeling exposed as he plants a soft kiss on each cheek. “Take the shot, baby.” I want to whimper, this is so not going to happen. I know I am going to miss. I line up the white, hit it, and in my impatience, miss the black completely. I wait for the blow—but it doesn’t come. Instead he leans right over me, flattening me against the table, takes the cue out of my hand and rolls it to the side cushion. I can feel him, hard, against my backside. “You missed,” he says softly in my ear. My cheek is pressed against the baize. “Put your hands flat on the table.” I do as he says. “Good. I’m going to spank you now and next time, maybe you won’t.” He shifts so he’s standing to my left side, his erection against my hip. I groan and my heart leaps into my mouth. My breath comes in short pants and a hot, heavy excitement courses through my veins. Gently, he caresses my behind and curls his other hand around the nape of my neck, his fingers fisting in my hair, his elbow at my back, holding me down. I am completely helpless. “Open your legs,” he murmurs and for a moment, I hesitate. And he smacks me hard—with the ruler! The noise is harsher than the sting, and it takes me by surprise. I gasp, and he hits me again. “Legs,” he orders. I open my legs, panting. The ruler strikes again. Ow—it stings, but its crack across my skin sounds worse than it feels. I close my eyes and absorb the pain. It’s not too bad, and Christian’s breathing becomes harsher. He hits me again and again, and I moan. I am not sure how many more strokes I can bear—but hearing him, knowing how turned on he is, feeds my arousal and my willingness to continue. I am crossing to the dark side, a place in my psyche I don’t know well but have visited before in the playroom—with the Tallis. The ruler strikes once more, and I moan loudly, and Christian groans in response. He hits me again—and again... and once more... harder this time—and I wince. “Stop.” The word is out of my mouth before I’m even aware that I’ve said it. Christian drops the ruler immediately and releases me. “Enough?” he whispers.
“Yes.” “I want to fuck you now,” he says, his voice strained. “Yes,” I murmur with longing. He undoes his fly, as I lie panting on the table, knowing that he’s going to be rough. I marvel once more at how I have managed—and yes, enjoyed— what he’s done to me up to this point. It’s so dark but so him. He eases two fingers inside me and moves them in a circular motion. The feeling is exquisite. Closing my eyes, I revel in the sensation. I hear the telltale rip of foil, then he’s standing behind me, between my legs, pushing them wider. Slowly he sinks into me, filling me. I hear his groan of pure pleasure, and it stirs my soul. He grasps my hips firmly, eases out of me again, and this time slams back into me, causing me to cry out. He stills for a moment. “Again?” he asks softly. “Yes... I’m fine. Lose yourself... take me with you,” I murmur breathlessly. He moans low in his throat, eases out of me once more, then slams into me, and repeats this over and over slowly, deliberately—a punishing, brutal, heavenly rhythm. Oh fucking my... My insides begin to quicken. He feels it, too, and increases the rhythm, pushing me, higher, harder, faster—and I surrender, exploding around him—a draining, soul-grabbing orgasm that leaves me spent and exhausted. I’m vaguely aware that Christian, too, is letting go, calling my name, his fingers digging into my hips, and then he stills and collapses on me. We sink to the floor, and he cradles me in his arms. “Thank you, baby,” he breathes, covering my upturned face in soft feather-light kisses. I open my eyes and gaze up at him, and he wraps his arms tighter around me. “Your cheek is pink from the baize,” he murmurs, rubbing my face tenderly. “How was that?” His eyes are wide and cautious. “Teeth-clenchingly good,” I mutter. “I like it rough, Christian, and I like it gentle, too. I like that it’s with you.” He closes his eyes and hugs me even tighter. Jeez, I’m tired.
“You never fail, Ana. You are beautiful, bright, challenging, fun, sexy, and I thank divine providence every day that it was you that came to interview me and not Katherine Kavanagh.” He kisses my hair. I smile and yawn against his chest. “I’m wearing you out,” he continues. “Come. Bath, then bed.” We are both in Christian’s bath, facing each other chin-deep in foam, the sweet scent of jasmine enveloping us. Christian is massaging my feet, one at a time. It feels so good it should be illegal. “Can I ask you something?” I murmur. “Of course. Anything, Ana, you know that.” I take a deep breath and sit up, flinching only slightly. “Tomorrow—when I go to work—can Sawyer just deliver me to the front door of the office then pick me up at the end of the day? Please, Christian. Please,” I plead. His hands still as his brow creases. “I thought we agreed,” he grumbles. “Please,” I beg. “What about lunchtime?” “I’ll make myself something to take from here so I don’t have to go out, please.” He kisses my instep. “I find it very difficult to say no to you,” he mutters as if he senses this is a failing on his part. “You won’t go out?” “No.” “Okay.” I beam at him. “Thank you.” I lean up onto my knees, sloshing water everywhere, and kiss him. “You’re most welcome, Miss Steele. How’s your behind?” “Sore. But not too bad. The water is soothing.” “I’m glad you told me to stop,” he says, gazing at me. “So is my behind.” He grins. I stretch out in bed, so tired. It’s only ten thirty, but it feels like three in the morning. This has to be one of the most exhausting weekends of my life.
“Didn’t Ms. Acton provide any nightwear?” Christian asks, his voice laced with disapproval as he stares down at me. “I have no idea. I like wearing your T-shirts,” I mumble sleepily. His face softens, and he leans over and kisses my forehead. “I need to work. But I don’t want to leave you alone. Can I use your laptop to log in to the office? Will I disturb you if I work from here?” “S’not my laptop.” I drift. The alarm clicks on, startling me awake with the traffic news. Christian is still asleep beside me. Rubbing my eyes, I glance at the clock. Six thirty—too early. It’s raining outside for the first time in ages, and the light is muted and mellow. I’m cozy and comfortable in this vast modern monolith with Christian at my side. I stretch and turn to the delicious man beside me. His eyes spring open and he blinks sleepily. “Good morning.” I smile and caress his face, leaning down to kiss him. “Good morning, baby. I usually wake before the alarm goes off,” he murmurs in wonder. “It’s set so early.” “That it is, Miss Steele.” Christian grins. “I have to get up.” He kisses me, and then he’s up and out of bed. I flop back against the pillows. Wow, waking up on a school day next to Christian Grey. How did this all happen? I close my eyes and doze. “Come on, sleepyhead, get up.” Christian leans over me. He’s shaved, clean, fresh—Hmm, he smells so good—in a crisp white shirt and black suit, no tie—the CEO is back. Holy Moses, he looks good like this, too. “What?” he asks. “I wish you’d come back to bed.” His lips part, surprised by my come-on, and he smiles almost shyly. “You are insatiable, Miss Steele. As much as that idea appeals, I have an eight thirty meeting, so I have to go shortly.” Oh, I’ve slept for another hour or so. Shit. I leap out of bed, much to Christian’s amusement. I shower and dress quickly, wearing the clothes I set out yesterday: a fitted, gray pencil skirt; pale-gray silk shirt; and high-heeled black pumps, all care of my new wardrobe. I brush my hair and carefully put it up, then wander out to the great room, not really knowing what to expect. How am I going to get to work?
Christian is sipping coffee at the breakfast bar. Mrs. Jones is in the kitchen making pancakes and bacon. “You look lovely,” Christian murmurs. Wrapping an arm around me, he kisses me under my ear. Out of the corner of my eye, I catch Mrs. Jones’s smile. I flush. “Good morning, Miss Steele,” she says as she places pancakes and bacon in front of me. “Oh, thank you. Good morning,” I mumble. Jeez—I could get used to this. “Mr. Grey says you’d like to take lunch with you to work. What would you like to eat?” I glance at Christian, who is trying very hard not to smirk. I narrow my eyes at him. “A sandwich... salad. I really don’t mind.” I beam at Mrs. Jones. “I’ll rustle up a packed lunch for you, ma’am.” “Please, Mrs. Jones, call me Ana.” “Ana.” She smiles and turns to make me tea. Wow... this is so cool. I turn and cock my head at Christian, challenging him—go on, accuse me of flirting with Mrs. Jones. “I have to go, baby. Taylor will come back and drop you at work with Sawyer.” “Only to the door.” “Yes. Only to the door.” Christian rolls his eyes. “Be careful, though.” I glance around and spy Taylor standing in the entranceway. Christian stands and kisses me, grasping my chin. “Laters, baby.” “Have a good day at the office, dear,” I call after him. He turns and flashes me his beautiful smile then he’s gone. Mrs. Jones hands me a cup of tea, and suddenly I feel awkward with just the two of us here. “How long have you worked for Christian?” I ask, thinking I ought to make some kind of conversation. “Four years or so,” she says pleasantly, as she sets about making my packed lunch. “You know, I can do that,” I mutter, embarrassed that she should be doing this for me. “You eat your breakfast, Ana. This is what I do. I enjoy it. It’s nice to look after someone other than Mr. Taylor and Mr. Grey.” She smiles very sweetly at me.
My cheeks pink with pleasure, and I want to bombard this woman with questions. She must know so much about Fifty, and although her manner is warm and friendly, it’s also very professional. I know I’ll only embarrass both of us if I start quizzing her, so I finish my breakfast in a reasonably comfortable silence, punctuated only by her questions on my food preferences for lunch. Twenty-five minutes later Sawyer appears at the entrance to the great room. I have brushed my teeth, and I’m waiting to go. Clutching my brown paper lunch bag—I can’t even remember my mom doing this for me—Sawyer and I head to the first floor via the elevator. He’s very taciturn, too, giving nothing away. Taylor is waiting in the Audi, and I climb into the rear passenger seat when Sawyer opens the door. “Good morning, Taylor,” I say brightly. “Miss Steele.” He smiles. “Taylor, I’m sorry about yesterday and my inappropriate remarks. I hope I didn’t get you into trouble.” Taylor frowns in bemusement at me from the rearview mirror as he pulls out into the Seattle traffic. “Miss Steele, I’m rarely in trouble,” he says reassuringly. Oh good. Maybe Christian didn’t tell him off. Just me, then, I think sourly. “I’m glad to hear it, Taylor.” I smile. Jack gazes at me, assessing my appearance, as I make my way to my desk. “Morning, Ana. Good weekend?” “Yes, thanks. You?” “It was good. Get settled in—I have work for you to do.” I nod and sit down at my computer. It seems like years since I was at work. I switch on my computer and fire up my e-mail program—and of course there’s an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Boss Date: June 13, 2011 08:24 To: Anastasia Steele
Good morning, Miss Steele I just wanted to say thank you for a wonderful weekend in spite of all the drama. I hope you never leave, ever. And just to remind you that the news of SIP is embargoed for four weeks. Delete this e-mail as soon as you’ve read it. Yours Christian Grey, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. & Your boss’s boss’s boss. Hope I never leave? Does he want me to move in? Holy Moses... I barely know the man. I press delete. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Bossy Date: June 13, 2011: 09:03 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey Are you asking me to move in with you? And of course, I remembered that the evidence of your epic stalking capabilities is embargoed for another four weeks. Do I make a check out to Coping Together and send to your dad? Please don’t delete this e-mail. Please respond to it. ILY xxx Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP “Ana!” Jack makes me jump. “Yes,” I flush, and Jack frowns at me. “Everything okay?” “Sure.” I scramble up and take my notebook into his office. “Good. As you probably remember, I’m going to that Commissioning Fiction Symposium in New York on Thursday. I have tickets and reservations, but I’d like you to come with me.” “To New York?” “Yes. We’ll need to go Wednesday and stay overnight. I think you’ll find it a very educational experience.” His eyes darken as he says this, but his smile is polite. “Would you make the necessary
travel arrangements? And book an additional room at the hotel where I am staying? I think Sabrina, my previous PA, left all the details handy somewhere.” “Okay.” I smile wanly at Jack. Crap. I wander back to my desk. This is not going to go down well with Fifty—but the fact is, I want to go. It sounds like a real opportunity, and I’m sure I can keep Jack at arm’s length if that’s his ulterior motive. Back at my desk there’s a response from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Me, Bossy? Date: June 13, 2011 09:07 To: Anastasia Steele Yes. Please. Christian Grey, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Jeez... he does want me to move in. Oh, Christian—it’s too soon. I put my head in my hands to try and recover my wits. This is all I need after my extraordinary weekend. I haven’t had a moment to myself to think through and understand all that I have experienced and discovered these last two days. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Flynnisms Date: June 13, 2011: 09:20 To: Christian Grey Christian What happened to walking before we run? Can we talk about this tonight, please? I’ve been asked to go to a conference in New York on Thursday. It means an overnight stay on Wednesday. Just thought you should know. Ax
Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: WHAT? Date: June 13, 2011 09:21 To: Anastasia Steele Yes. Let’s talk this evening. Are you going on your own? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: No Bold Shouty Capitals on a Monday Morning! Date: June 13, 2011: 09:30 To: Christian Grey Can we talk about this tonight? Ax Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: You Haven’t Seen Shouty Yet. Date: June 13, 2011 09:35 To: Anastasia Steele
Tell me. If it’s with the sleazeball you work with, then the answer is no, over my dead body. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. My heart sinks. Shit—it’s like he’s my dad. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: No YOU haven’t seen shouty yet. Date: June 13, 2011 09:46 To: Christian Grey Yes. It is with Jack. I want to go. It’s an exciting opportunity for me. And I have never been to New York. Don’t get your knickers in a twist. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: No YOU haven’t seen shouty yet. Date: June 13, 2011 09:50 To: Anastasia Steele Anastasia It’s not my fucking knickers I am worried about. The answer is NO. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. “No!” I shout at my computer, causing the entire office to come to a standstill and stare at me. Jack peers out from his office.
“Everything all right, Ana?” “Yes. Sorry,” I mutter. “I er... just didn’t save a document.” I am scarlet with embarrassment. He smiles at me but with a puzzled expression. I take several deep breaths and quickly type a response. I am so mad. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Fifty Shades Date: June 13, 2011 09:55 To: Christian Grey Christian You need to get a grip. I am NOT going to sleep with Jack—not for all the tea in China. I LOVE you. That’s what happens when people love each other. They TRUST each other. I don’t think you are going to SLEEP WITH, SPANK, FUCK, or WHIP anyone else. I have FAITH and TRUST in you. Please extend the same COURTESY to me. Ana Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP I sit waiting for his response. Nothing arrives. I call the airline and book a ticket for myself, ensuring I am on the same flight as Jack. I hear the ping of new mail. From: Lincoln, Elena Subject: Lunch Date Date: June 13, 2011 10:15 To: Anastasia Steele Dear Anastasia I would really like to have lunch with you. I think we got off on the wrong foot, and I’d like to make that right. Are you free sometime this week? Elena Lincoln
Holy crap—not Mrs. Robinson! How the hell did she find out my e-mail address? I put my head in my hands. Can this day get any worse? My phone rings and wearily I lift my head from my hands and answer, glancing at the clock. It is only ten twenty, and already I wish I hadn’t left Christian’s bed. “Jack Hyde’s office, Ana Steele speaking.” An achingly familiar voice snarls at me, “Will you please delete the last e-mail you sent me and try to be a little more circumspect in the language you use in your work e-mail? I told you, the system is monitored. I shall endeavor to do some damage limitation from here.” He hangs up. Holy fuck... I sit staring at the phone. Christian hung up on me. That man is stomping all over my fledgling career, and he hangs up on me? I glare at the receiver, and if it wasn’t completely inanimate, I know it would shrivel in horror under my withering stare. I open my e-mails and delete the one I sent him. It’s not that bad. I just mention spanking and well, whipping. Jeez, if he’s so ashamed of it, he damn well shouldn’t do it. I pick up my Blackberry and call his mobile. “What?” he snaps. “I am going to New York whether you like it or not,” I hiss. “Don’t count—” I hang up, cutting him off mid-sentence. Adrenaline is coursing through my body. There—that told him. I am so mad. I take a deep breath, trying to compose myself. Closing my eyes, I imagine that I am in my happy place. Hmm... a boat cabin with Christian. I shake the image off as I am too mad at Fifty right now for him to be anywhere near my happy place. Opening my eyes, I calmly reach for my notebook and carefully run through my to do list. I take a long, deep breath, my equilibrium restored. “Ana!” Jack shouts, startling me. “Don’t book that flight!” “Oh, too late. I’ve done it,” I reply as he strides out of his office over to me. He looks mad. “Look, there’s something going on. For some reason, suddenly, all travel and hotel expenses for staff have to be approved by senior management. This has come right from the top. I am going up to see old Roach. Apparently, a moratorium on all spending has just been implemented. I don’t understand it.” Jack pinches the bridge of his nose and closes his eyes. Most of the blood drains from my face and knots form in my stomach. Fifty!
“Take my calls. I’ll go see what Roach has to say.” He winks at me and strides off to see his boss—not the boss’s boss. Damn it. Christian Grey... My blood starts to boil again. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:What have you done? Date:June 13, 2011 10:43 To:Christian Grey Please tell me you won’t interfere with my work. I really want to go to this conference. I shouldn’t have to ask you. I have deleted the offending e-mail. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:What have you done? Date:June 13, 2011 10:46 To:Anastasia Steele I am just protecting what is mine. The e-mail that you so rashly sent is wiped from the SIP server now, as are my e-mails to you. Incidentally, I trust you implicitly. It’s him I don’t trust. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I check to see if I still have his e-mails, and they have disappeared. This man’s influence knows no bounds. How does he do this? Who does he know that can stealthily delve into the depths of SIP’s servers and remove e-mails? I am so out of my league here.
From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Grown Up Date:June 13, 2011 10:43 To:Christian Grey Christian I don’t need protecting from my own boss. He may make a pass at me, but I shall say no. You cannot interfere. It’s wrong and controlling on so many levels. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:The Answer is NO Date:June 13, 2011 10.50 To:Anastasia Steele Ana I have seen how “effective” you are at fighting off unwanted attention. I remember that’s how I had the pleasure of spending my first night with you. At least the photographer has feelings for you. The sleazeball, on the other hand, does not. He is a serial philanderer, and he will try to seduce you. Ask him what happened to his previous PA and the one before that. I don’t want to fight about this. If you want to go to New York, I’ll take you. We can go this weekend. I have an apartment there. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh, Christian! That’s not the point. He’s so damn frustrating. And of course he has an apartment there. Where else does he own property? Trust him to bring up José. Will I ever live that down? I was drunk, for heaven’s sake. I wouldn’t get drunk with Jack. I shake my head at the screen, but figure I cannot continue to argue with him over e-mail. I shall have to bide my time until this evening. I check the clock. Jack is still not back from his meeting with Jerry, and I need to deal with Elena. I read her e-mail again and decide that the best way to handle it is to send it to Christian. Let him concentrate on her rather than me.
From:Anastasia Steele Subject:FW Lunch date or Irritating Baggage Date:June 13, 2011 11:15 To:Christian Grey Christian While you have been busy interfering in my career and saving your ass from my careless missives, I received the following e-mail from Mrs. Lincoln. I really don’t want to meet with her—even if I did, I am not allowed to leave this building. How she got hold of my e-mail address, I don’t know. What would you suggest I do? Her e-mail is below: Dear Anastasia, I would really like to have lunch with you. I think we got off on the wrong foot, and I’d like to make that right. Are you free sometime this week? Elena Lincoln Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:Irritating Baggage Date:June 13, 2011 11:23 To:Anastasia Steele Don’t be mad at me. I have your best interests at heart. If anything happened to you, I would never forgive myself. I’ll deal with Mrs. Lincoln. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Laters Date:June 13, 2011: 11:32
To:Christian Grey Can we please discuss this tonight? I am trying to work, and your continued interference is very distracting. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP Jack returns after midday and tells me that New York is off for me though he is still going and there’s nothing he can do to change senior management policy. He strides into his office, slamming the door, obviously furious. Why is he so angry? Deep down, I know his intentions are less than honorable, but I am sure I can deal with him, and I wonder what Christian knows about Jack’s previous PAs. I park these thoughts and continue with some work, but resolve to try to make Christian change his mind, though the prospects are bleak. At one o’clock, Jack pokes his head out of the office door. “Ana, please could you go and get me some lunch?” “Sure. What would you like?” “Pastrami on rye, hold the mustard. I’ll give you the money when you’re back.” “Anything to drink?” “Coke, please. Thanks, Ana.” He heads back into his office as I reach for my purse. Crap. I promised Christian I wouldn’t go out. I sigh. He’ll never know, and I’ll be quick. Claire from reception offers me her umbrella since it is still pouring with rain. As I head out of the front doors, I pull my jacket around me and take a furtive glance in both directions from beneath the overlarge golf umbrella. Nothing seems amiss. There’s no sign of Ghost Girl. I march briskly, and I hope inconspicuously, down the block to the deli. However, the closer I get to the deli, the more I have a creepy sense that I am being watched, and I don’t know if it’s my heightened feeling of paranoia or a reality. Shit. I hope it’s not Leila with a gun. It’s just your imagination, my subconscious snaps. Who the hell would want to shoot you? Within fifteen minutes, I am back—safe, sound but relieved. I think Christian’s extreme paranoia and his overprotective vigilance is beginning to get to me. As I take Jack’s lunch in to him, he glances up from the phone. “Ana, thanks. Since you’re not coming with me, I’m going to need you to work late. We need to get these briefs ready. Hope you don’t have plans.” He smiles up at me warmly, and I flush.
“No, that’s fine,” I say with a bright smile and a sinking heart. This is not going to go down well. Christian will freak, I’m sure. As I head back to my desk I decide not to tell him immediately, otherwise he might have time to interfere in some way. I sit and eat the chicken salad sandwich Mrs. Jones made for me. It’s delicious. She makes a mean sandwich. Of course, if I moved in with Christian, she would make lunch for me every weekday. The idea is unsettling. I have never had dreams of obscene wealth and all the trappings—only love. To find someone who loves me and doesn’t try to control my every move. The phone rings. “Jack Hyde’s office—” “You assured me you wouldn’t go out,” Christian interrupts me, his voice cold and hard. My heart sinks for the millionth time this day. Shit. How the hell does he know? “Jack sent me out for some lunch. I couldn’t say no. Are you having me watched?” My scalp prickles at the notion. No wonder I felt so paranoid—someonewaswatching me. The thought makes me angry. “This is why I didn’t want you going back to work,” Christian snaps. “Christian, please. You’re being”—So Fifty—“so suffocating.” “Suffocating?” he whispers, surprised. “Yes. You have to stop this. I’ll talk to you this evening. Unfortunately, I have to work late because I can’t go to New York.” “Anastasia, I don’t want to suffocate you,” he says quietly, appalled. “Well, you are. I have work to do. I’ll talk to you later.” I hang up, feeling drained and vaguely depressed. After our wonderful weekend, the reality is hitting home. I have never felt more like running. Running to some quiet retreat so I can think about this man, about how he is, and about how to deal with him. On one level, I know he’s broken—I can see that clearly now—and it’s both heartbreaking and exhausting. From the small pieces of precious information that he’s given me about his life, I understand why. An unloved child; a hideously abusive environment; a mother who couldn’t protect him, whom he couldn’t protect, and who died in front of him. I shudder. My poor Fifty. I am his, but not to be kept in some gilded cage. How am I going to make him see this? With a heavy heart, I drag one of the manuscripts Jack wants me to summarize into my lap and continue to read. I can think of no easy solution to Christian’s fucked-up control issues. I will just have to talk to him later, face to face.
Half an hour later, Jack e-mails me a document that I need to tidy up and polish, ready for printing tomorrow in time for his conference. It will take me not just the rest of the afternoon but well into the evening, too. I set to work. When I look up, it’s after seven and the office is deserted, though the light in Jack’s office is still on. I hadn’t noticed everyone leaving, but I am nearly finished. I e-mail the document back to Jack for his approval and check my inbox. There’s nothing new from Christian, so I quickly glance at my Blackberry, and it startles me by buzzing—it’s Christian. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi, when will you be finished?” “By seven thirty, I think.” “I’ll meet you outside.” “Okay.” He sounds quiet, nervous even. Why? Wary of my reaction? “I’m still mad at you, but that’s all,” I whisper. “We have a lot to talk about.” “I know. See you at seven thirty.” Jack comes out of his office. “I have to go. See you later.” I hang up. I look up at Jack as he strolls casually toward me. “I just need a couple of tweaks. I’ve e-mailed the brief back to you.” He leans over me while I retrieve the document, rather close—uncomfortably close. His arm brushes mine. Accidentally? I flinch, but he pretends not to notice. His other arm rests on the back of my chair, touching my back. I sit up so I’m not leaning against the backrest. “Pages sixteen and twenty-three, and that should be it,” he murmurs, his mouth inches from my ear. My skin crawls at his proximity, but I choose to ignore it. Opening the document, I shakily start on the changes. He’s still leaning over me, and all my senses are hyperaware. It’s distracting and awkward, and inside I am screaming, Back off! “Once this is done, it’ll be good to go to print. You can organize that tomorrow. Thank you for staying late and doing this, Ana.” His voice is smooth, gentle, like he’s talking to a wounded animal. My stomach twists.
“I think the least I could do is reward you with a quick drink. You deserve one.” He tucks a strand of my hair that’s come loose from my hair tie behind my ear and gently caresses the lobe. I cringe gritting my teeth, and I jerk my head away. Shit! Christian was right. Don’t touch me. “Actually, I can’t this evening.” Or any other evening, Jack. “Just a quick one?” he coaxes. “No, I can’t. But thank you.” Jack sits on the end of my desk and frowns. Alarm bells sound loudly in my head. I am on my own in the office. I cannot leave. I glance nervously at the clock. Another five minutes before Christian is due. “Ana, I think we make a great team. I’m sorry that I couldn’t pull off this New York trip. It won’t be the same without you.” I’m sure it won’t. I smile weakly up at him, because I can’t think of what to say. And for the first time all day, I feel the tiniest hint of relief that I am not going. “So, did you have a good weekend?” he asks smoothly. “Yes, thanks.” Where is he going with this? “See your boyfriend?” “Yes.” “What does he do?” Owns your ass... “He’s in business.” “That’s interesting. What kind of business?” “Oh, he has his fingers in all sorts of pies.” Jack cocks his head to one side as he leans in toward me, invading my personal space—again. “You’re being very coy, Ana.” “Well, he’s in telecommunications, manufacturing, and agriculture.” Jack raises his eyebrows. “So many things. Who does he work for?” “He works for himself. If you’re happy with the document, I’d like to go, if that’s okay?” He leans back. My personal space is safe again.
“Of course. Sorry, I didn’t mean to keep you,” he says disingenuously. “What time does the building close?” “Security is here until eleven.” “Good.” I smile, and my subconscious flops down in her armchair, relieved to know that we are not alone in the building. Switching off my computer, I grab my purse and stand up, ready to leave. “You like him then? Your boyfriend?” “I love him,” I answer, looking Jack squarely in the eye. “I see.” Jack frowns and he stands up from my desk. “What’s his surname?” I flush. “Grey. Christian Grey,” I mumble. Jack’s mouth drops open. “Seattle’s richest bachelor? That Christian Grey?” “Yes. The same.” Yes, that Christian Grey, your future boss who will have you for breakfast if you invade my personal space again. “I thought he looked familiar,” Jack says darkly and his brow creases again. “Well, he’s a lucky man.” I blink at him. What do I say to that? “Have a good evening, Ana.” Jack smiles, but the smile doesn’t touch his eyes, and he walks stiffly back into his office without a backward glance. I let out a long sigh of relief. Well, that problem might be solved. Fifty works his magic again. Just his name is my talisman, and it has this man retreating with his tail between his legs. I allow myself a small victorious smile. You see, Christian? Even your name protects me—you didn’t have to go to all that trouble of clamping down on expenses. I tidy my desk and check my watch. Christian should be outside. The Audi is parked up against the sidewalk, and Taylor leaps out to open the rear passenger door. I have never been so pleased to see him, and I scramble into the car out of the rain. Christian is in the rear seat, gazing at me, his eyes wide and wary. He’s bracing himself for my anger, his jaw tight and tense. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi,” he replies cautiously. He reaches over and grasps my hand, squeezing it tightly, and my heart thaws a little. I’m so confused. I haven’t even worked out what I need to say to him.
“Are you still mad?” he asks. “I don’t know,” I murmur. He raises my hand and lightly grazes my knuckles with soft butterfly kisses. “It’s been a shitty day,” he says. “Yes, it has.” But for the first time since he left for work this morning, I begin to relax. Just being in his company is a soothing balm, and all the shit from Jack, and the snarky e-mails to and fro, and the nuisance that is Elena fade into the background. It’s just me and my control freak in the back of the car. “It’s better now that you’re here,” he murmurs. We sit in silence as Taylor weaves through the evening traffic, both of us brooding and contemplative; but I feel Christian slowly unwind beside me as he, too, relaxes, gently running his thumb across my knuckles in a soft, soothing rhythm. Taylor drops us outside the apartment building, and we both duck inside, out of the rain. Christian clasps my hand as we wait for the elevator, his eyes scanning the front of the building. “I take it you haven’t found Leila yet.” “No. Welch is still looking for her,” he mutters despondently. The elevator arrives and in we step. Christian glances down at me, his gray eyes unreadable. Oh, he just looks glorious—tousled hair, white shirt, dark suit. And suddenly it’s there, from nowhere, that feeling. Oh my—the longing, the lust, the electricity. If it were visible, it would be an intense blue aura around and between us it’s so strong. His lips part as he gazes at me. “Do you feel it?” he breathes. “Yes.” “Oh, Ana.” He groans and he grabs me, his arms snaking around me, one hand at the nape of my neck, tipping my head back as his lips find mine. My fingers are in his hair and caressing his cheek as he pushes me back against the elevator wall. “I hate arguing with you,” he breathes against my mouth, and there’s a desperate, passionate quality to his kiss that mirrors mine. Desire explodes in my body, all the tension of the day seeking an outlet, straining against him, seeking more. We’re all tongues and breathing and hands and touch and sweet, sweet sensation. His hand is on my hip, and abruptly he’s pulling up my skirt, his fingers stroking my thighs. “Sweet Jesus, you’re wearing stockings.” He moans in appreciative awe as his thumb caresses the flesh above my stocking line. “I want to see this,” he breathes, and he pulls my skirt right up, exposing the tops of my thighs. Stepping back, he reaches over to press the stop button, and the elevator coasts smoothly to a halt between the twenty-second and twenty-third floors. His eyes are dark, lips parted, and he’s breathing as
hard as am I. We gaze at each other, not touching. I am grateful for the wall against my back, holding me up while I bask in this beautiful man’s sensual, carnal appraisal. “Take your hair down,” he orders, his voice husky. I reach up and undo the tie, releasing my hair so it tumbles in a thick cloud around my shoulders to my breasts. “Undo the top two buttons of your shirt,” he whispers, his eyes wilder now. He makes me feel so wanton. My inner goddess is writhing on her chaise longue, waiting, wanting, and panting. I reach up and undo each button, achingly, slowly, so that the tops of my breasts are tantalizingly revealed. He swallows. “Do you have any idea how alluring you look right now?” Very deliberately, I bite my lip and shake my head. He closes his eyes briefly, and when he opens them again, they are blazing. He steps forward and places his hands on the elevator walls on either side of my face. He’s as close as he can be without touching me. I tip my face up to meet his gaze, and he leans down and runs his nose against mine, so it’s the only contact between us. I am so hot in the confines of this elevator with him. I want him—now. “I think you do, Miss Steele. I think you like to drive me wild.” “Do I drive you wild?” I whisper. “In all things, Anastasia. You are a siren, a goddess.” And he reaches for me, grasping my leg above my knee and hitching it around his waist, so that I am standing on one leg, leaning into him. I feel him against me, feel him hard and wanting above the apex of my thighs as he runs his lips down my throat. I moan and wrap my arms around his neck. “I’m going to take you now, Anastasia,” he breathes and I arch my back in response, pressing myself against him, eager for the friction. He groans deep and low in the back of his throat and boosts me higher as he undoes his fly. “Hold tight, baby,” he murmurs, and magically produces a foil packet that he holds in front of my mouth. I take it between my teeth, and he tugs, so that between us, we rip it open. “Good girl.” He steps back a fraction as he slides on the condom. “God, I can’t wait for the next six days,” he growls and gazes down at me through hooded eyes. “I do hope you’re not overly fond of these panties.” He tears through them with his adept fingers, and they disintegrate in his hands. My blood is pounding through my veins. I am panting with need. His words are intoxicating, all my angst from the day forgotten. It’s just him and me, doing what we do best. Without taking his eyes off mine, he sinks slowly into me. My body bows and I tilt my head back, closing my eyes, relishing the feel of him inside me. He pulls back and then moves into me again, so slow, so sweet. I groan. “You’re mine, Anastasia,” he murmurs against my throat.
“Yes. Yours. When will you accept that?” I pant. He groans and starts to move, really move. And I surrender myself to his relentless rhythm, savoring each push and pull, his ragged breathing, his need for me, reflecting mine. It makes me feel powerful, strong, desired and loved—loved by this captivating, complicated man, whom I love in return with all my heart. He pushes harder and harder, his breathing ragged, losing himself in me as I lose myself in him. “Oh, baby,” Christian moans, his teeth grazing my jaw, and I come hard around him. He stills, clutches me, and follows suit, whispering my name. Now that Christian is spent, calm and kissing me gently, his breathing eases. He holds me upright against the elevator wall, our foreheads pressed together, and my body is like jelly, weak but gratifyingly sated from my climax. “Oh, Ana,” he murmurs. “I need you so much.” He kisses my forehead. “And I you, Christian.” Releasing me, he straightens my skirt and does up the two buttons on my shirt, then punches the combination into the keypad that starts the elevator again. It rises with a jolt so that I reach out and clasp his arms. “Taylor will be wondering where we are,” he grins lasciviously at me. Oh crap. I drag my fingers through my hair in a vain attempt to combat the just-fucked look, then give up and tie it in a ponytail. “You’ll do.” Christian smirks as he does up his fly and puts the condom in his pants pocket. Once more he looks the embodiment of an American entrepreneur, and since his hair looks just fucked most of the time, there’s very little difference. Except now he’s smiling, relaxed, his eyes crinkling with boyish charm. Are all men this easily placated? Taylor is waiting when the doors open. “Problem with the elevator,” Christian murmurs as we both step out, and I cannot look either of them in the face. I scurry through the double doors to Christian’s bedroom in search of some fresh underwear. When I return, Christian has removed his jacket and is sitting at the breakfast bar chatting with Mrs. Jones. She smiles kindly at me as she puts out two plates of hot food for us. Mmm, it smells delicious— coq au vin, if I am not mistaken. I am famished. “Enjoy, Mr. Grey, Ana,” she says and leaves us to it.
Christian fetches a bottle of white wine from the fridge, and as we sit and eat, he tells me about how much nearer he’s getting to perfecting a solar-powered mobile phone. He’s animated and excited about the whole project, and I know then that he hasn’t had an entirely shitty day. I ask him about his properties. He smirks, and it turns out he only has the apartment in New York and Aspen, and Escala. Nothing else. When we’re done, I collect his plate and mine and take them to sink. “Leave that. Gail will do it,” he says. I turn and gaze at him, and he’s watching me intently. Will I ever get used to having someone clean up after me? “Well, now that you are more docile, Miss Steele, shall we talk about today?” “I think you’re the one who’s more docile. I think I’m doing a good job in taming you.” “Taming me?” he snorts, amused. When I nod, he frowns as if reflecting on my words. “Yes. Maybe you are, Anastasia.” “You were right about Jack,” I murmur, serious now, and I lean across the kitchen island gauging his reaction. Christian’s face falls and his eyes harden. “Has he tried anything?” he whispers, his voice deathly cold. I shake my head to reassure him. “No, and he won’t, Christian. I told him today that I’m your girlfriend, and he backed right off.” “You’re sure? I could fire the fucker.” Christian scowls. I sigh, emboldened by my glass of wine. “You really have to let me fight my own battles. You can’t constantly second-guess me and try to protect me. It’s stifling, Christian. I’ll never flourish with your incessant interference. I need some freedom. I wouldn’t dream of meddling in your affairs.” He blinks at me. “I only want you safe, Anastasia. If anything happened to you, I—” He stops. “I know, and I understand why you feel so driven to protect me. And part of me loves it. I know that if I need you, you’ll be there, as I am for you. But if we are to have any hope of a future together, you have to trust me and trust my judgment. Yes, I’ll get it wrong sometimes—I’ll make mistakes, but I have to learn.” He stares at me, his expression anxious, spurring me to walk round to him so that I am standing between his legs while he sits on the barstool. Grabbing his hands, I put them around me and place my hands on his arms. “You can’t interfere in my job. It’s wrong. I don’t need you charging in like a white knight to save the day. I know you want to control everything, and I understand why, but you can’t. It’s an impossible goal... you have to learn to let go.” I reach up and stroke his face as he gazes at me, his eyes wide. “And if you can do that—give me that—I’ll move in with you,” I add softly.
He inhales sharply, surprised. “You’d do that?” he whispers. “Yes.” “But you don’t know me.” He frowns and sounds choked and panicky all of a sudden, very un-Fifty. “I know you well enough, Christian. Nothing you tell me about yourself will frighten me away.” I gently run my knuckles across his cheek. His expression turns from anxious to dubious. “But if you could just ease up on me,” I plead. “I’m trying, Anastasia. I couldn’t just stand by and let you go to New York with that... sleazeball. He has an alarming reputation. None of his assistants have lasted more than three months, and they’re never retained by the company. I don’t want that for you, baby.” He sighs. “I don’t want anything to happen to you. You being hurt... the thought fills me with dread. I can’t promise not to interfere, not if I think you’ll come to harm.” He pauses and takes a deep breath. “I love you, Anastasia. I will do everything in my power to protect you. I cannot imagine my life without you.” Holy cow. My inner goddess, my subconscious, and I all gape at Fifty in shock. Jeez, three little words. My world stands still, tilts, then spins on a new axis; and I savor the moment, gazing into his sincere, beautiful gray eyes. “I love you, too, Christian.” I lean over and kiss him, and the kiss deepens. Entering unseen, Taylor clears his throat. Christian pulls back, gazing intently at me. He stands, his arm around my waist. “Yes?” he snaps at Taylor. “Mrs. Lincoln is on her way up, sir.” “What?” Taylor shrugs apologetically. Christian sighs heavily and shakes his head. “Well, this should be interesting,” he mutters and gives me a crooked grin of resignation. Fuck! Why can’t that damned woman leave us alone?
“Did you talk to her today?” I ask Christian as we wait forMrs. Robinson’s arrival. “Yes.” “What did you say?” “I said that you didn’t want to see her, and that I understood your reasons why. I also told her that I didn’t appreciate her going behind my back.” His gaze is impassive, giving nothing away. Oh, good. “What did she say?” “She brushed it off in a way that only Elena can.” His mouth flattens to a crooked line. “Why do you think she’s here?” “I have no idea.” Christian shrugs. Taylor enters the great room again. “Mrs. Lincoln,” he announces. And here she is... Why is she so damned attractive? She’s dressed entirely in black: tight jeans, a shirt that emphasizes her perfect figure, and a halo of bright, glossy hair. Christian pulls me close. “Elena,” he says, his tone puzzled. She gapes at me in shock, frozen to the spot. She blinks before finding her soft voice. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you had company, Christian. It’s Monday,” she says as if this explains why she’s here. “Girlfriend,” he says by way of explanation and tilts his head to one side and smirks.
She smiles, a slow, beaming smile directed entirely at him. It’s unnerving. “Of course. Hello, Anastasia. I didn’t know you’d be here. I know you don’t want to talk to me. I accept that.” “Do you?” I assert quietly, gazing at her and taking all of us by surprise. With a slight frown, she moves farther into the room. “Yes, I get the message. I’m not here to see you. Like I said, Christian rarely has company during the week.” She pauses. “I have a problem, and I need to talk to Christian about it.” “Oh?” Christian straightens up. “Do you want a drink?” “Yes, please,” she murmurs gratefully. Christian fetches a glass while Elena and I stand awkwardly gazing at each other. She fidgets with a large silver ring on her middle finger, while I don’t know where to look. Finally, she gives me a small tight smile and approaches the kitchen island and sits on the bar stool at the end. She obviously knows the place well and feels comfortable moving around here. Do I stay? Do I go? Oh, this is so difficult. My subconscious scowls at the woman with her most hostile harpy face. There’s so much I want to say to this woman, and none of it complimentary. But she’s Christian’sfriend—his only friend—and for all my loathing of this woman, I am innately polite. Deciding to stay, I sit as gracefully as I can manage on the stool Christian’s vacated. Christian pours wine into each of our glasses and sits between us at the breakfast bar. Can’t he feel how weird this is? “What’s up?” he asks her. Elena looks nervously at me, and Christian reaches over and clasps my hand. “Anastasia’s with me now,” he says to her silent query and squeezes my hand. I flush, and my subconscious beams at him, harpy face forgotten. Elena’s face softens as if she’s pleased for him. Really pleased for him. Oh, I don’t understand this woman at all, and I’m uncomfortable and edgy in her presence. She takes a deep breath and shifts, perching on the edge of her bar stool and looking agitated. She glances nervously down at her hands and starts manically twisting the large silver ring around and around on her middle finger. Jeez, what’s wrong with her? Is it my presence? Do I have that effect on her? Because I feel the same way—I don’t want her here. She raises her head and looks Christian squarely in the eye. “I’m being blackmailed.”
Holy shit. Not what I expected out of her mouth. Christian stiffens. Has someone found out about her penchant for beating and fucking underage boys? I suppress my revulsion, and a fleeting thought about chickens coming home to roost crosses my mind. My subconscious rubs her hands together with illdisguised glee. Good. “How?” Christian asks, his horror clear in his voice. She reaches into her oversized, patent-leather, designer purse, pulls out a note, and hands it to him. “Put it down, lay it out.” Christian points to the breakfast bar counter with his chin. “You don’t want to touch it?’ “No. Fingerprints.” “Christian, you know I can’t go to the police with this.” Why am I listening to this? Is she fucking some other poor boy? She lays the note out for him, and he bends to read it. “They’re only asking for five thousand dollars,” he says almost absentmindedly. “Any idea who it might be? Someone in the community?” “No,” she says in her soft sweet voice. “Linc?” Linc? Who’s that? “What—after all this time? I don’t think so,” she grumbles. “Does Isaac know?” “I haven’t told him.” Who’s Isaac? “I think he needs to know,” Christian says. She shakes her head, and now I feel I’m intruding. I want none of this. I try to retrieve my hand from Christian’s grasp, but he just tightens his hold and turns to gaze at me. “What?” he asks. “I’m tired. I think I’ll go to bed.”
His eyes search mine, looking forwhat? Censure? Acceptance? Hostility? I keep my expression as bland as possible. “Okay,” he says. “I won’t be long.” He releases me and I stand. Elena watches me warily. I stay tightlipped and return her gaze, giving nothing away. “Goodnight, Anastasia.” She gives me a small smile. “Goodnight,” I mutter, my voice sounds cold. I turn to leave. The tension is too much for me to bear. As I exit the room they continue their conversation. “I don’t think there’s a great deal I can do, Elena,” Christian says to her. “If it’s a question of money.” His voice trails off. “I could ask Welch to investigate.” “No, Christian, I just wanted to share,” she says. When I am out of the room, I hear her say, “You look very happy.” “I am,” Christian responds. “You deserve to be.” “I wish that were true.” “Christian,” she scolds. I freeze, listening intently. I can’t help it. “Does she know how negative you are about yourself? About all your issues.” “She knows me better than anyone.” “Ouch! That hurts.” “It’s the truth, Elena. I don’t have to play games with her. And I mean it, leave her alone.” “What is her problem?” “You... What we were. What we did. She doesn’t understand.” “Make her understand.” “It’s in the past, Elena, and why would I want to taint her with our fucked-up relationship? She’s good and sweet and innocent, and by some miracle she loves me.”
“It’s no miracle, Christian,” Elena scoffs good-naturedly. “Have a little faith in yourself. You really are quite a catch. I’ve told you often enough. And she seems lovely, too. Strong. Someone to stand up to you.” I can’t hear Christian’s response. So I’m strong, am I? I certainly don’t feel that way. “Don’t you miss it?” Elena continues. “What?” “Your playroom.” I stop breathing. “That really is none of your fucking business,” Christian snaps. Oh. “I’msorry.” Elena snorts insincerely. “I think you’d better go. And please, call before you come again.” “Christian, I am sorry,” she says, and from her tone, this time she means it. “Since when are you so sensitive?” She’s scolding him again. “Elena, we have a business relationship which has profited us both immensely. Let’s keep it that way. What was between us is part of the past. Anastasia is my future, and I won’t jeopardize it in any way, so cut the fucking crap.” His future! “I see.” “Look, I’m sorry for your trouble. Perhaps you should ride it out and call their bluff.” His tone is softer. “I don’t want to lose you, Christian.” “I’m not yours to lose, Elena,” he snaps again. “That’s not what I meant.” “What did you mean?” He’s brusque, angry. “Look, I don’t want to argue with you. Your friendship means a lot to me. I’ll back off from Anastasia. But I’m here if you need me. I always will be.” “Anastasia thinks that you saw me last Saturday. You called, that’s all. Why did you tell her otherwise?”
“I wanted her to know how upset you were when she left. I don’t want her to hurt you.” “She knows. I’ve told her. Stop interfering. Honestly, you’re like a mother hen.” Christian sounds more resigned, and Elena laughs, but there’s a sad tone to her laugh. “I know. I’m sorry. You know I care about you. I never thought you’d end up falling in love, Christian. It’s very gratifying to see. But I couldn’t bear it if she hurt you.” “I’ll take my chances,” he says dryly. “Now are you sure you don’t want Welch to sniff around?” She sighs heavily. “I suppose it wouldn’t do any harm.” “Okay. I’ll call him in the morning.” I listen to them bickering, trying to figure this out. They do sound like old friends, as Christian says. Just friends. And she cares about him—maybe too much. Well, who wouldn’t, if they knew him? “Thank you, Christian. And I am sorry. I didn’t mean to intrude. I’ll go. Next time I’ll call.” “Good.” She’s going! Shit! I scamper up the hallway to Christian’s bedroom and sit down on the bed. Christian enters a few moments later. “She’s gone,” he says warily, gauging my reaction. I gaze up at him, trying to frame my question. “Will you tell me all about her? I am trying to understand why you think she helped you.” I pause, thinking carefully about my next sentence. “I loathe her, Christian. I think she did you untold damage. You have no friends. Did she keep them away from you?” He sighs and runs his hand through his hair. “Why the fuck do you want to know about her? We had a very long-standing affair, she beat the shit out of me often, and I fucked her in all sorts of ways you can’t even imagine, end of story.” I pale. Shit, he’s angry—with me. I blink at him. “Why are you so angry?” “Because all of that shit is over!” he shouts, glowering at me. He sighs in exasperation and shakes his head. I blanch. Shit. I look down at my hands, knotted in my lap. I just want to understand. He sits down beside me. “What do you want to know?” he asks wearily. “You don’t have to tell me. I don’t mean to intrude.”
“Anastasia, it’s not that. I don’t like talking about this shit. I’ve lived in a bubble for years with nothing affecting me and not having to justify myself to anyone. She’s always been there as a confidante. And now my past and my future are colliding in a way I never thought possible.” I glance at him and he’s staring at me, his eyes wide. “I never thought I had a future with anyone, Anastasia. You give me hope and have me thinking about all sorts of possibilities.” He drifts off. “I was listening,” I whisper and stare back down at my hands. “What? To our conversation?” “Yes.” “Well?” He sounds resigned. “She cares for you.” “Yes, she does. And I for her in my own way, but it doesn’t come close to how I feel about you. If that’s what this is about.” “I’m not jealous.” I’m wounded that he would think that—or am I? Shit. Maybe that’s what this is. “You don’t love her,” I murmur. He sighs again. He really is pissed. “A long time ago, I thought I loved her,” he says through gritted teeth. Oh. “When we were in Georgia... you said you didn’t love her.” “That’s right.” I frown. “I loved you then, Anastasia,” he whispers. “You’re the only person I’d fly three thousand miles to see.” Oh my. I don’t understand. He still wanted me as a sub then. My frown deepens. “The feelings I have for you are very different from any I ever had for Elena,” he says by way of explanation. “When did you know?” He shrugs. “Ironically, it was Elena who pointed it out to me. She encouraged me to go to Georgia.” I knew it! I knew it in Savannah. I gaze at him, blankly.
What do I make of this? Maybe sheison my side and just worried that I’ll hurt him. The thought is painful. I would never want to hurt him. She’s right—he’s been hurt enough. Perhaps she’s not so bad. I shake my head. I don’t want to accept his relationship with her. I disapprove. Yes, that’s what this is. She’s an unsavory character who preyed on a vulnerable adolescent, robbing him of his teenage years, no matter what he says. “So you desired her? When you were younger.” “Yes.” Oh. “She taught me a great deal. She taught me to believe in myself.” Oh. “But she also beat the shit out of you.” He smiles fondly. “Yes, she did.” “And you liked that?” “At the time I did.” “So much that you wanted to do it to others?” His eyes grow wide and serious. “Yes.” “Did she help you with that?” “Yes.” “Did she sub for you?” “Yes.” Holy fuck. “Do you expect me to like her?” My voice sounds brittle and bitter. “No. Though it would make my life a hell of a lot easier,” he says wearily. “I do understand your reticence.” “Reticence! Jeez, Christian—if that were your son, how would you feel?” He blinks at me as though he doesn’t comprehend the question. He frowns. “I didn’t have to stay with her. It was my choice, too, Anastasia,” he murmurs. This is getting me nowhere.
“Who’s Linc?” “Her ex-husband.” “Lincoln Timber?” “The very same,” he smirks. “And Isaac?” “Her current submissive.” Oh no. “He’s in his mid-twenties, Anastasia. You know—a consenting adult,” he adds quickly, correctly deciphering my look of disgust. I flush. “Your age,” I mutter. “Look, Anastasia, as I said to her, she’s part of my past. You are my future. Don’t let her come between us, please. And quite frankly, I’m really bored of this subject. I’m going to do some work.” He stands and gazes down at me. “Let it go. Please.” I stare mulishly up at him. “Oh, I almost forgot,” he adds. “Your car arrived a day early. It’s in the garage. Taylor has the key.” Whoa... the Saab? “Can I drive it tomorrow?” “No.” “Why not?” “You know why not. And that reminds me. If you are going to leave your office, let me know. Sawyer was there, watching you. It seems I can’t trust you to look after yourself at all.” He scowls down at me, making me feel like an errant child—again. And I would argue with him, but he’s pretty worked up over Elena, and I don’t want to push him any further, but I can’t resist one comment. “Seems I can’t trust you either,” I mutter. “You could have told me Sawyer was watching me.” “Do you want to fight about that, too?” he snaps. “I wasn’t aware we were fighting. I thought we were communicating,” I mumble petulantly. He closes his eyes briefly as he struggles to contain his temper. I swallow and watch anxiously. Jeez, this could go either way.
“I have to work,” he says quietly, and with that, he leaves the room. I exhale. I hadn’t realized I’d been holding my breath. I flop back onto the bed, staring at the ceiling. Can we ever have a normal conversation without it disintegrating into an argument? It’s exhausting. We just don’t know each other that well. Do I really want to move in with him? I don’t even know if I should make him a cup of tea or coffee while he’s working. Should I disturb him at all? I have no idea of his likes and dislikes. Evidently he’s bored with the whole Elena thing—he’s right, I need to move on. Let it go. Well, at least he’s not expecting me to be friends with her, and I hope that she’ll now stop hassling me for a meeting. I get off the bed and wander to the window. Unlocking the balcony door, I open it and stroll over to the glass railing. Its transparency is unnerving. The air’s chilly and fresh, as I’m up so high. I gaze out over the twinkling lights of Seattle. He’s so far removed from everything up here in his fortress. Answerable to no one. He’d just told me he loves me, then all this crap comes up because of that dreadful woman. I roll my eyes. His life is so complicated. He’sso complicated. With a heavy sigh and a last glance at Seattle spread like cloths of gold at my feet, I decide to call Ray. I haven’t spoken to him for a while. It’s a brief conversation as per usual, but I ascertain he’s fine and that I’m interrupting an important soccer match. “Hope all is well with Christian,” he says casually, and I know he’s fishing for information but doesn’t really want to know. “Yeah. We’re cool.” Sort of, and I’m moving in with him. Though we haven’t discussed a timetable. “Love you, Dad.” “Love you, too, Annie.” I hang up and check my watch. It’s only ten. Because of our discussion, I am feeling strangely innervated and restless. I shower quickly, and back in the bedroom, decide to wear one of the nightdresses that Caroline Acton procured for me from Neiman Marcus. Christian’s always moaning about my T-shirts. There are three. I choose the pale pink and put it on over my head. The fabric skims across my skin, caressing and clinging to me as it falls around my body. It feels luxurious—the finest, thinnest satin. Holy crap. In the mirror, I look like a 1930s movie star. It’s long, elegant—and very un-me. I grab the matching robe and decide to hunt out a book in the library. I could read on my iPad—but right now, I want the comfort and reassurance of a physical book. I’ll leave Christian alone. Perhaps he’ll recover his good humor once he’s finished working.
There are so many books in Christian’s library. Scanning every title will take forever. I glance occasionally at the billiard table and flush as I recall our previous evening. I smile when I see that the ruler is still on the floor. Picking it up, I swat my palm. Ow! It stings. Why can’t I take a little more pain for my man? Disconsolately, I place it on the desk and continue my hunt for a good read. Most of the books are first editions. How can he have amassed a collection like this in such a short time? Perhaps Taylor’s job description includes book buying. I settle on Rebecca by Daphne Du Maurier. I haven’t read this for a long time. I smile as I curl up in one of the overstuffed armchairs and read the first line: Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again... I am jostled awake as Christian lifts me in his arms. “Hey,” he murmurs, “you fell asleep. I couldn’t find you.” He nuzzles my hair. Sleepily, I put my arms around his neck and breathe in his scent—oh, he smells so good—as he carries me back to the bedroom. He lays me down on the bed and covers me. “Sleep, baby,” he whispers and he presses his lips against my forehead. I wake suddenly from a disturbing dream and am momentarily disorientated. I find myself anxiously checking the end of the bed, but there’s no one there. Drifting from the great room, I hear the faint strains of a complex melody from the piano. What time is it? I check the alarm clock—two in the morning. Has Christian come to sleep at all? I disentangle my legs from my robe, which I’m still wearing, and clamber out of bed. In the great room, I stand in the shadows, listening. Christian is lost to the music. He looks safe and secure in his bubble of light. And the tune he plays has a lilting melody, parts of which sound familiar, but so elaborate. Jeez, he’s good. Why does this always take me by surprise? The whole scene looks different somehow, and I realize that the piano lid is down, giving me an unhindered view. He glances up and our eyes lock, his gray and softly luminous in the diffuse glow of the lamp. He continues to play, not faltering at all, as I make my way over to him. His eyes follow me, drinking me in, burning brighter. As I reach him, he stops. “Why did you stop? That was lovely.” “Do you have any idea how desirable you look at the moment?” he says, his voice soft. Oh. “Come to bed,” I whisper and his eyes heat as he holds out his hand. When I take it, he tugs unexpectedly so I fall into his lap. He wraps his arms around me and nuzzles my neck behind my ear, sending shivers down my spine. “Why do we fight?” he whispers, as his teeth graze my earlobe.
Holy cow. My heart skips a beat, then starts pounding, coursing heat throughout my body. “Because we’re getting to know each other, and you’re stubborn and cantankerous and moody and difficult,” I murmur breathlessly, shifting my head to give him better access to my throat. He runs his nose down my neck, and I feel his smile. “I’m all those things, Miss Steele. It’s a wonder you put up with me.” He nips my earlobe and I moan. “Is it always like this?” he sighs. “I have no idea.” “Me neither.” He yanks the sash of my robe so it falls open, and his hand skims down my body, over my breast. My nipples harden beneath his gentle touch and strain against the satin. He continues down to my waist, down to my hip. “You feel so fine under this material, and I can see everything—even this.” He tugs gently on my pubic hair through the fabric, making me gasp, while his other hand fists in my hair at my nape. Pulling my head back, he kisses me, his tongue urgent, relentless, needy. I moan in response and caress his dear, dear face. His hand gently pulls my nightdress up, slowly, tantalizingly until he’s fondling my naked behind and then running his thumbnail down the inside of my thigh. Suddenly he rises, startling me, and he lifts me bodily onto the piano. My feet rest on the keys, sounding discordant, disjointed notes, and his hands skim up my legs and part my knees. He grabs my hands. “Lie back,” he orders, holding my hands while I sink back on top of the piano. The lid is hard and uncompromising against my back. He lets go and pushes my legs open wider, my feet dancing over the keys, over the lower and higher notes. Oh boy. I know what he’s going to do, and the anticipation... I groan loudly as he kisses the inside of my knee, then kisses and sucks and nips his way higher up my leg to my thigh. The soft satin of my nightgown rises higher, skimming over my sensitized skin, as he pushes the fabric. I flex my feet and the chords sound again. Closing my eyes, I surrender myself to him as his mouth reaches the apex of my thighs. He kisses me... there... Oh boy... then gently blows before his tongue circles my clitoris. He pushes my legs wider. I feel so open—so exposed. He holds me in place, his hands just above my knees as his tongue tortures me, giving no quarter, no respite... no reprieve. Tilting my hips up, meeting and matching his rhythm, I am consumed. “Oh, Christian, please.” I moan. “Oh no, baby, not yet,” he teases, but I feel myself quicken as does he, and he stops. “No,” I whimper. “This is my revenge, Ana,” he growls softly. “Argue with me, and I am going to take it out on your body somehow.” He trails kisses along my belly, his hands traveling up my thighs, stroking, kneading,
tantalizing. His tongue circles my navel as his hands—and his thumbs... oh his thumbs—reach the summit of my thighs. “Ah!” I cry out as he pushes one inside me. The other persecutes me, slowly, agonizingly, circling round and round. My back arches off the piano as I writhe beneath his touch. It’s almost unbearable. “Christian!” I cry, spiraling out of control with need. He takes pity on me and stops. Lifting my feet off the keys, he pushes me; and suddenly, I’m sliding effortlessly up the piano, gliding on satin, and he’s following me up there, briefly kneeling between my legs to roll on a condom. He hovers over me and I’m panting, gazing up at him with raging need, and I realize he’s naked. When did he take off his clothes? He stares down at me, and there’s wonder in his eyes, wonder and love and passion, and it’s breathtaking. “I want you so badly,” he says and very slowly, exquisitely, he sinks into me. I am sprawled on top of him, wrung out, my limbs heavy and languid, as we lie on top of his grand piano. Oh my. He’s much more comfortable to lie on than the piano. Careful not to touch his chest, I rest my cheek against him and keep perfectly still. He doesn’t object, and I listen to his breathing as it slows like mine. Gently he strokes my hair. “Do you drink tea or coffee in the evening?” I ask sleepily. “What a strange question,” he says dreamily. “I thought I could bring you tea in your study, and then I realized I didn’t know what you would like.” “Oh, I see. Water or wine in the evening, Ana. Though maybe I should try tea.” His hand moves rhythmically down my back, stroking me tenderly. “We really know very little about each other,” I murmur. “I know,” he says, and his voice is mournful. I sit up to gaze at him. “What is it?” I ask. He shakes his head as if to rid himself of some unpleasant thought, and raising his hand, he caresses my cheek, his eyes bright and earnest. “I love you, Ana Steele,” he says. The alarm blasts on with the six am traffic news, and I am rudely awakened from my disturbing dream of over-blond and dark-haired women. I can’t grasp what it’s about, and I’m immediately distracted
because Christian Grey is wrapped around me like silk, his unruly-haired head on my chest, his hand on my breast, his leg over me, holding me down. He’s still asleep, and I am too warm. But I ignore my discomfort, tentatively reaching up to run my fingers gently through his hair, and he stirs. Raising bright gray eyes, he grins sleepily. Holy cow... he’s adorable. “Good morning, beautiful,” he says. “Good morning, beautiful yourself.” I smile back at him. He kisses me, disentangles himself, and leans up on his elbow, staring down at me. “Sleep okay?” he asks. “Yes, despite the interruption to my sleep last night.” His grin broadens. “Hmm. You can interrupt me like that anytime.” He kisses me again. “How about you? Did you sleep well?” “I always sleep well with you, Anastasia.” “No more nightmares?” “No.” I frown and chance a question. “What are your nightmares about?” His brow creases and his grin fades. Shit—my stupid curiosity. “They’re flashbacks of my early childhood, or so Dr. Flynn says. Some vivid, some less so.” His voice drops and a distant, harrowed look crosses his face. Absentmindedly, he begins to trace my collarbone with his finger, distracting me. “Do you wake up crying and screaming?” I try in vain to joke. He looks at me, puzzled. “No, Anastasia. I’ve never cried. As far as I can remember.” He frowns, as if reaching into the depths of his memories. Oh no—that’s too dark a place to go at this hour, surely. “Do you have any happy memories of your childhood?” I ask quickly, mainly to distract him. He looks pensive for a moment, still running his finger along my skin. “I recall the crack whore baking. I remember the smell. A birthday cake I think. For me. And then there’s Mia’s arrival with my mom and dad. My mom was worried about my reaction, but I adored baby Mia immediately. My first word was Mia. I remember my first piano lesson. Miss Kathie, my tutor, was awesome. She kept horses, too.” He smiles wistfully. “You said your mom saved you. How?”
His reverie is broken, and he gazes at me as if I don’t understand the elementary math of two plus two. “She adopted me,” he says simply. “I thought she was an angel when I first met her. She was dressed in white and so gentle and calm as she examined me. I’ll never forget that. If she’d said no or if Carrick had said no...” He shrugs and glances over his shoulder at the alarm clock. “This is all a little deep for so early in the morning,” he mutters. “I have made a vow to get to know you better.” “Did you now, Miss Steele? I thought you wanted to know if I preferred coffee or tea.” He smirks. “Anyway, I can think of one way you can get to know me.” He pushes his hips suggestively against me. “I think I know you quite well enough that way.” My voice is haughty and scolding, and it makes him smile more broadly. “I don’t think I’ll ever get to know you well enough that way,” he murmurs. “There are definite advantages to waking up beside you.” His voice is soft and bone-meltingly seductive. “Don’t you have to get up?” My voice is low and husky. Jeez, what he does to me... “Not this morning. Only one place I want to be up right now, Miss Steele.” And his eyes sparkle salaciously. “Christian!” I gasp, shocked. He shifts suddenly so that he’s on top of me, pressing me into the bed. Grabbing my hands, he pulls them up above my head and begins to kiss my throat. “Oh, Miss Steele.” He smiles against my skin, sending delicious tingles through me, as his hand travels down my body and starts to slowly hitch up my satin nightdress. “Oh, what I’d like to do to you,” he murmurs. And I am lost, interrogation over. Mrs. Jones sets down my breakfast of pancakes and bacon, and for Christian an omelet and bacon. We sit side by side at the bar in a comfortable silence. “When am I going to meet your trainer, Claude, and put him through his paces?” I ask. Christian glances down at me, grinning. “Depends if you want to go to New York this weekend or not—unless you’d like to see him early one morning this week. I’ll ask Andrea to check on his schedule and come back to you.” “Andrea?” “My PA.” Oh yes. “One of your many blondes,” I tease him.
“She’s not mine. She works for me. You’re mine.” “I work for you,” I mutter sourly. He grins as if he’s forgotten. “So you do.” His beaming smile is infectious. “Maybe Claude can teach me to kickbox,” I warn. “Oh yeah? Fancy your chances against me?” Christian raises an eyebrow, amused. “Bring it on, Miss Steele.” He is so damned happy compared to yesterday’s foul mood after Elena left. It’s totally disarming. Maybe it’s all the sex... perhaps that’s what’s making him so buoyant. I glance behind me at the piano, savoring the memory of last night. “You put the lid of the piano back up.” “I closed it last night so as not to disturb you. Guess it didn’t work, but I’m glad it didn’t.” Christian’s lips twitch into a lascivious smile as he takes a bite of omelet. I go crimson and smirk back at him. Oh yes... fun times on the piano. Mrs. Jones leans over and places a paper bag containing my lunch in front of me, making me flush guiltily. “For later, Ana. Tuna okay?” “Oh yes. Thank you, Mrs. Jones.” I give her a shy smile, which she reciprocates warmly before leaving the great room. I suspect it’s to give us some privacy. “Can I ask you something?” I turn back to Christian. His amused expression slips. “Of course.” “And you won’t be angry?” “Is it about Elena?” “No.” “Then I won’t be angry.” “But I now have a supplementary question.” “Oh?” “Which is about her.” He rolls his eyes. “What?” he says, and now he’s exasperated.
“Why do you get so mad when I ask you about her?” “Honestly?” I scowl at him. “I thought you were always honest with me.” “I endeavor to be.” I narrow my eyes at him. “That sounds like a very evasive answer.” “I am always honest with you, Ana. I don’t want to play games. Well, not those sorts of games,” he qualifies, as his eyes heat. “What sort of games do you want to play?” He inclines his head to one side and smirks at me. “Miss Steele, you are so easily distracted.” I giggle. He’s right. “Mr. Grey, you are distracting on so many levels.” I gaze at his dancing gray eyes alight with humor. “My favorite sound in the whole world is your giggle, Anastasia. Now—what was your original question?” he asks smoothly, and I think he’s laughing at me. I try to twist my mouth to show my displeasure, but I like playful Fifty—he’s fun. I love some early morning banter. I frown, trying to recall my question. “Oh yes. You only saw your subs on the weekends?” “Yes, that’s correct,” he says regarding me nervously. I grin at him. “So, no sex during the week.” He laughs. “Oh, that’s where we’re going with this.” He looks vaguely relieved. “Why do you think I work out every weekday?” Now he really is laughing at me, but I don’t care. I want to hug myself with glee. Another first—well, several firsts. “You look very pleased with yourself, Miss Steele.” “I am, Mr. Grey.” “You should be.” He grins. “Now eat your breakfast.” Oh, bossy Fifty... he’s never far away. We are in the back of the Audi. Taylor is driving with the intention of dropping me off at work, then Christian. Sawyer is riding shotgun.
“Didn’t you say your roommate’s brother was arriving today?” Christian asks, almost casually, his voice and expression giving nothing away. “Oh, Ethan,” I gasp. “I forgot. Oh Christian, thank you for reminding me. I’ll have to go back to the apartment.” His face falls. “What time?” “I’m not sure what time he’s arriving.” “I don’t want you going anywhere on your own,” he says sharply. “I know,” I mutter and resist rolling my eyes at Mr. Over-Reaction. “Will Sawyer be spying—um... patrolling today?” I glance slyly in Sawyer’s direction to see the backs of his ears turn red. “Yes,” Christian snaps, his eyes glacial. “If I was driving the Saab it would be easier,” I mutter petulantly. “Sawyer will have a car, and he can drive you to your apartment, depending on what time.” “Okay. I think Ethan will probably contact me during the day. I’ll let you know what the plans are then.” He gazes at me, saying nothing. Oh, what is he thinking? “Okay,” he acquiesces. “Nowhere on your own. Do you understand?” He waves a long finger at me. “Yes, dear,” I mutter. There’s a trace of a smile on his face. “And maybe you should just use your Blackberry—I’ll e-mail you on it. That should prevent my IT guy having a thoroughly interesting morning, okay?” His voice is sardonic. “Yes, Christian.” I can’t resist. I roll my eyes at him, and he smirks at me. “Why Miss Steele, I do believe you’re making my palm twitch.” “Ah, Mr. Grey, your perpetually twitching palm. What are we going to do with that?” He laughs and then is distracted by his Blackberry, which must be on vibrate because it doesn’t ring. He frowns when he sees the caller ID. “What is it?” he snaps into the phone, then listens intently. I use the opportunity to study his lovely features—his straight nose, his hair hanging scruffily over his forehead. I am distracted from my surreptitious ogling by his expression, which turns from incredulity to amusement. I pay attention. “You’re kidding... For a scene... When did he tell you this?” Christian chuckles, almost reluctantly. “No, don’t worry. You don’t have to apologize. I’m glad there’s a logical explanation. It did seem a ridiculously
low amount of money... I have no doubt you’ve something evil and creative planned for your revenge. Poor Isaac.” He smiles. “Good... Good-bye.” He snaps the phone shut and glances at me. His eyes are suddenly wary, but oddly, he looks relieved, too. “Who was that?” I ask. “You really want to know?” he asks quietly. And, I know. I shake my head and stare out my window at the gray Seattle day, feeling forlorn. Why can’t she leave him alone? “Hey.” He reaches for my hand and kisses each of my knuckles in turn, and suddenly he’s sucking my little finger, hard. Then biting it softly. Whoa! He has a hotline to my groin, I gasp and glance nervously at Taylor and Sawyer, then at Christian, and his eyes are darker. He gives me a slow carnal smile. “Don’t sweat it, Anastasia,” he murmurs. “She’s in the past.” And he plants a kiss in the center of my palm, sending tingles everywhere, and my momentary pique is forgotten. “Morning, Ana,” Jack mutters as I make my way to my desk. “Nice dress.” I flush. The dress is part of my new wardrobe, courtesy of my incredibly rich boyfriend. It’s a sleeveless shift dress of pale blue linen, quite fitted, and I’m wearing cream high-heeled sandals. Christian likes heels, I think. I smile secretly at the thought but quickly recover my bland professional smile for my boss. “Good morning, Jack.” I set about ordering a messenger to take his brochure to the printers. He pops his head around his office door. “Could I have a coffee, please, Ana?” “Sure.” I wander into the kitchen and bump into Claire from reception, who is also fixing coffee. “Hey, Ana,” she says cheerfully. “Hi, Claire.” We chat briefly about her extended-family gathering over the weekend, which she enjoyed immensely, and I tell her about sailing with Christian. “Your boyfriend is so dreamy, Ana,” she says, her eyes glazing over. I am tempted to roll my eyes at her. “He’s not bad-looking,” I smile and we both start laughing.
“You took your time!” Jack snaps when I bring in his coffee. Oh! “I’m sorry.” I flush then frown. I took the usual amount of time. What’s his problem? Perhaps he’s nervous about something. He shakes his head. “Sorry, Ana. I didn’t mean to bark at you, honey.” Honey? “There’s something going on at senior management level, and I don’t know what it is. Keep your ear to the ground, okay? If you hear anything—I know how you girls talk.” He grins at me, and I feel slightly sick. He has no idea how we “girls” talk. Besides, I know what’s happening. “You’ll let me know, right?” “Sure,” I mutter. “I’ve sent the brochure to the printers. It will be back by two o’clock.” “Great. Here.” He hands me a pile of manuscripts. “All these need synopses of the first chapter, then filing.” “I’ll get on it.” I am relieved to step out of his office and sit down at my desk. Oh, it’s hard being in the know. What will he do when he finds out? My blood runs cold. Something tells me Jack will be annoyed. I glance at my Blackberry and smile. There’s an e-mail from Christian. From:Christian Grey Subject:Sunrise Date:June 14, 2011 09:23 To:Anastasia Steele I love waking up to you in the morning. Christian Grey Completely & Utterly Smitten CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I think my face splits in two with my grin, and my inner goddess back-flips over her chaise longue. From:Anastasia Steele
Subject:Sundown Date:June 14, 2011 09:35 To:Christian Grey Dear Completely & Utterly Smitten I love waking up to you, too. But I love being in bed with you and in elevators and on pianos and billiard tables and boats and desks and showers and bathtubs and strange wooden crosses with shackles and four-poster beds with red satin sheets and boathouses and childhood bedrooms. Yours Sex Mad and Insatiable xx From:Christian Grey Subject:Wet Hardware Date:June 14, 2011 09:37 To:Anastasia Steele Dear Sex Mad and Insatiable I’ve just spat coffee all over my keyboard. I don’t think that’s ever happened to me before. I do admire a woman who concentrates on geography. Am I to infer you just want me for my body? Christian Grey Completely & Utterly Shocked CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Giggling—and wet too Date:June 14, 2011: 09:42 To:Christian Grey Dear Completely & Utterly Shocked Always. I have work to do.
Stop bothering me. SM&I xx From:Christian Grey Subject:Do I have to? Date:June 14, 2011 09:50 To:Anastasia Steele Dear SM&I As ever, your wish is my command. Love that you are giggling and wet. Laters, baby. x Christian Grey, Completely & Utterly Smitten, Shocked and Spellbound CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I put the Blackberry down and get on with my work. At lunchtime, Jack asks me to go down to the deli for his lunch. I call Christian as soon as I leave Jack’s office. “Anastasia.” He answers immediately, his voice warm and caressing. How is it that this man can make me melt over the phone? “Christian, Jack has asked me to get his lunch.” “Lazy bastard,” Christian gripes. I ignore him and continue. “So I’m going to get it. It might be handy if you gave me Sawyer’s number, so I don’t have to bother you.” “It’s no bother, baby.” “Are you on your own?” “No. There are six people staring at me at the moment wondering who the hell I’m talking to.” Shit... “Really?” I gasp, panicked. “Yes. Really. My girlfriend,” he announces away from the phone.
Holy cow! “They probably all thought you were gay, you know.” He laughs. “Yeah, probably.” I hear his grin. “Er—I’d better go.” I am sure he can tell how embarrassed I am to be interrupting him. “I’ll let Sawyer know.” He laughs again. “Have you heard from your friend?” “Not yet. You’ll be the first to know, Mr. Grey.” “Good. Laters, baby.” “Bye, Christian.” I grin. Every time he says that, it makes me smile... so un-Fifty, but somehow so him, too. When I exit moments later, Sawyer is waiting on the doorstep of the building. “Miss Steele,” he greets me formally. “Sawyer.” I nod in response and together we head down to the deli. I don’t feel as comfortable with Sawyer as I do with Taylor. He continually scans the street as we make our way along the block. It actually makes me more nervous, and I find myself mirroring his actions. Is Leila out there? Or are we all infected by Christian’s paranoia? Is this part of his fifty shades? What I’d give for half an hour of candid discussion with Dr. Flynn, to find out. There’s nothing amiss, just lunchtime Seattle—people rushing for lunch, shopping, meeting friends. I watch two young women hug as they meet up. I miss Kate. It’s only been two weeks since she left for her vacation, but it feels like the longest two weeks of my life. So much has happened—she’ll never believe me when I tell her. Well, tell her the edited NDA-compliant version. I frown. I’ll have to talk to Christian about that. What would Kate make of it? I blanch at the thought. Perhaps she’ll be back with Ethan. I feel a rush of excitement at the thought, but I think it’s unlikely. She’d stay on with Elliot surely. “Where do you stand when you’re waiting and watching outside?” I ask Sawyer as we get in line for lunch. Sawyer is in front of me, facing the door, continually monitoring the street and anyone who comes in. It’s unnerving. “I sit in the coffee shop directly across the street, Miss Steele.” “Doesn’t it get very boring?” “Not to me, ma’am. It’s what I do,” he says stiffly. I flush. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to imply...” My voice trails off at his kind, understanding expression.
“Please, Miss Steele. My job is to protect you. And that’s what I’ll do.” “So, no sign of Leila?” “No, ma’am.” I frown. “How do you know what she looks like?” “I’ve seen her photograph.” “Oh, do you have it on you?” “No, ma’am.” He taps his skull. “Committed to memory.” Of course. I’d really like to examine a photograph of Leila to see what she looked like before she became Ghost Girl. I wonder if Christian would let me have a copy? Yes, he probably would—for my safety. I hatch a plan, and my subconscious gloats and nods approvingly. The brochures arrive back at the office, and I have to say, they look great. I take one into Jack’s office. His eyes light up, and I don’t know if it’s at me or the brochure. I choose to believe it’s the latter. “These look great, Ana.” Idly, he flicks through it. “Yeah, good job. Are you seeing your boyfriend this evening?” His lip curls as he says boyfriend. “Yes. We live together.” It’s sort of the truth. Well, we do at the moment. And I have officially agreed to move in, so it’s not much of a white lie. I hope that it’s enough to throw him off the scent. “Would he object to you coming out for a quick drink tonight? To celebrate all your hard work?” “I have a friend coming in from out of town tonight, and we’re all going out for dinner.”And I’ll be busy every night, Jack. “I see.” He sighs, exasperated. “Maybe when I’m back from New York, huh?” He raises his eyebrows in expectation, and his gaze darkens suggestively. Oh no. I smile, noncommittal, stifling a shudder. “Would you like some coffee or tea?” I ask. “Coffee, please.” His voice is low and husky as if he’s asking for something else. Fuck. He’s not going to back off. I can see that now. Oh... What to do? I breathe a long sigh of relief when I am out of his office. He makes me tense. Christian is right about him, and part of me is pissed that Christian is right about him. I sit down at my desk and my Blackberry rings—a number I don’t recognize.
“Ana Steele.” “Hi, Steele!” Ethan’s drawl catches me momentarily off guard. “Ethan! How are you?” I almost squeal with delight. “Glad to be back. I am seriously fed up with sunshine and rum punches, and my baby sister being hopelessly in love with the big guy. It’s been hell, Ana.” “Yeah! Sea, sand, sun, and rum punches sounds like Dante’s Inferno.” I giggle. “Where are you?” “I’m at Sea-Tac, waiting for my bag. What are you doing?” “I’m at work. Yes, I am gainfully employed,” I respond to his gasp. “Do you want to come here and collect the keys? I can meet you later at the apartment.” “Sounds great. I’ll see you in about 45 minutes, an hour maybe? What’s the address?” I give him SIP’s address. “See you soon, Ethan.” “Laters,” he says and hangs up. What? Not Ethan, too? And it dawns on me that he’s just spent a week with Elliot. I quickly type an e-mail to Christian. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Visitors from Sunny Climes. Date:June 14, 2011: 14:55 To:Christian Grey Dearest Completely & Utterly SS&S Ethan is back, and he’s coming here to collect keys to the apartment. I’d really like to make sure he’s settled in okay. Why don’t you collect me after work? We can go to the apartment then we can ALL go out for a meal maybe? My treat? Your Ana x Still SM&I Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP
From:Christian Grey Subject:Dinner Out Date:June 14, 2011 15:05 To:Anastasia Steele I approve of your plan. Except the part about you paying! My treat. I’ll collect you at 6:00. x PS: Why aren’t you using your Blackberry!!! Christian Grey Completely and Utterly Annoyed, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Bossiness Date:June 14, 2011: 15:11 To:Christian Grey Oh, don’t be so crusty and cross. It’s all in code. I’ll see you at 6:00. Ana x Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:Maddening Woman Date:June 14, 2011 15:18 To:Anastasia Steele
Crusty and cross! I’ll give you crusty and cross. And look forward to it. Christian Grey Completely and Utterly More Annoyed, but smiling for some unknown reason, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Promises. Promises. Date:June 14, 2011: 15:23 To:Christian Grey Bring it on, Mr. Grey I look forward to it too. ;D Ana x Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP He doesn’t reply, but then I don’t expect him to. I imagine him moaning about mixed signals, and the thought makes me smile. I daydream briefly about what he might do to me but find myself shifting about in my chair. My subconscious gazes at me disapprovingly over her half-moon specs—get on with your work. A little later, my phone buzzes. It’s Claire at reception. “There’s a real cute guy in reception to see you. We must go out for drinks sometime, Ana. You sure know some hunky guys,” she hisses conspiratorially through the phone. Ethan! Grabbing my keys from my purse, I hurry out to the foyer. Holy shit—sun-bleached blond hair, a tan to die for, and glowing hazel eyes gaze up at me from the green leather couch. As soon as he sees me, his mouth drops open, and he’s on his feet coming toward me. “Wow, Ana.” He frowns at me as he bends to give me hug. “You look well.” I grin up at him. “You look... wow—different. Worldly, more sophisticated. What’s happened? You changed your hair? Clothes? I don’t know, Steele, but you look hot!”
I blush furiously. “Oh, Ethan. I’m just in my work clothes,” I scold as Claire looks on with an arched eyebrow and a wry smile. “How was Barbados?” “Fun,” he says. “When’s Kate back?” “She and Elliot are flying back Friday. They’re pretty damn serious about each other.” Ethan rolls his eyes. “I’ve missed her.” “Yeah? How have you been doing with Mr. Mogul?” “Mr. Mogul?” I snicker. “Well, it’s been interesting. He’s taking us out for dinner this evening.” “Cool.” Ethan seems genuinely pleased. Phew! “Here.” I hand him the keys. “You have the address?” “Yeah. Laters.” He leans over and kisses my cheek. “Elliot’s expression?” “Yeah, kind of grows on you.” “It does. Laters.” I smile at him as he collects his large shoulder bag from beside the green couch and exits the building. When I turn, Jack is watching me from the far side of the foyer, his expression unreadable. I smile brightly at him and head back to my desk, feeling his eyes on me the whole time. This is beginning to get on my nerves. What to do? I have no idea. I’ll have to wait until Kate is back. She’s bound to come up with a plan. The thought dispels my bleak mood, and I pick up the next manuscript. At five to six, my phone buzzes. It’s Christian. “Crusty and Cross here,” he says and I grin. He’s still playful Fifty. My inner goddess is clapping her hands with glee like a small child. “Well, this is Sex Mad and Insatiable. I take it you’re outside?” I ask dryly. “I am indeed, Miss Steele. Looking forward to seeing you.” His voice is warm and seductive, and my heart flutters wildly. “Ditto, Mr. Grey. I’ll be right out.” I hang up.
I switch off my computer and gather up my purse and cream cardigan. “I’m off now, Jack,” I call through. “Okay, Ana. Thanks for today, honey! Have a great evening.” “You, too.” Why can’t he be like that all the time? I don’t understand him. The Audi is parked at the curb, and Christian climbs out as I approach. He’s taken off his jacket, and he’s wearing his gray pants, my favorite ones that hang from his hips—in that way. How can this Greek god be meant for me? I find myself grinning like a loon in answer to his own idiotic grin. He’s spent the whole day acting like a boyfriend in love—in love with me. This adorable, complex, flawed man is in love with me, and I with him. Joy bursts unexpectedly inside me, and I savor the moment as I feel briefly that I could conquer the world. “Miss Steele, you look as captivating as you did this morning.” Christian pulls me into his arms and kisses me soundly. “Mr. Grey, so do you.” “Let’s go get your friend.” He smiles down at me and opens the car door. As Taylor heads to the apartment, Christian fills me in on his day—a much better one than yesterday, it seems. I gaze at him adoringly as he attempts to explain some breakthrough the environmental science department at WSU in Vancouver has made. His words mean very little to me, but I’m captivated by his passion and interest in this subject. Maybe this is what it will be like, good days and bad days, and if the good days are like this, I won’t have much to complain about. He hands me a sheet of paper. “These are the times that Claude is free this week,” he says. Oh! The trainer. As we pull up to my apartment building, he fishes his Blackberry from his pocket. “Grey,” he answers. “Ros, what is it?” He listens intently, and I can tell it’s an involved conversation. “I’ll go and get Ethan. I’ll be two minutes,” I mouth at Christian and hold up two fingers. He nods, obviously distracted by the call. Taylor opens my door, smiling at me warmly. I grin at him, even Taylor’s feeling it. I press the entry phone and shout happily into it. “Hi, Ethan, it’s me. Let me in.”
The door buzzes, and I head upstairs to the apartment. It occurs to me that I have not been here since Saturday morning. That seems so long ago. Ethan has kindly left the front door open. I step into the apartment, and I don’t know why, but I freeze instinctively as soon as I step inside. I take a moment to realize it’s because the pale, wan figure standing by the kitchen island, holding a small revolver is Leila, and she’s gazing impassively at me. Holy fuck. She’s here, gazing at me with an unnerving blank expression, holding a gun. My subconscious swoons into a dead faint, and I don’t think even smelling salts will bring her back. I blink repeatedly at Leila as my mind goes into overdrive. How did she get in? Where’s Ethan? Holy shit! Where is Ethan? A creeping cold fear grips my heart, and my scalp prickles as each and every follicle on my head tightens with terror. What if she’s harmed him? I start breathing rapidly as adrenaline and bone-numbing dread course through my body. Keep calm, keep calm—I repeat the mantra over and over in my head. She tilts her head to one side, regarding me as if I’m an exhibit in a freak show. Jeez, I’m not the freak here. It feels like an eon has passed while I process all this, though in reality it is only a split second. Leila’s expression remains blank, and her appearance is as scruffy and ill-kempt as ever. She’s still wearing that grubby trench coat, and she looks desperately in need of a wash. Her hair is greasy and lank, plastered against her head, and her eyes are a dull brown, cloudy, and vaguely confused. Despite the fact that my mouth has no moisture in it whatsoever, I attempt to speak. “Hi. Leila, isn’t it?” I rasp. She smiles, but it’s a disturbing curl of her lip rather than a true smile.
“She speaks,” she whispers, and her voice is soft and hoarse at the same time, an eerie sound. “Yes, I speak,” I say gently as if to a child. “Are you here alone?”Where is Ethan? My heart pounds at the thought that he might have come to some harm. Her face falls, so much so that I think she’s about to burst into tears—she looks so forlorn. “Alone,” she whispers. “Alone.” And the depth of sadness in that one word is heart wrenching. What does she mean? I am alone? She’s alone? She’s alone because she’s harmed Ethan? Oh... no... I have to fight the choking fear clawing at my throat as tears threaten. “What are you doing here? Can I help you?” My words are a calm, gentle interrogation despite the suffocating fear in my throat. Her brow furrows as if she’s completely befuddled by my questions. But she makes no violent move against me. Her hand is still relaxed around her gun. I take a different tack, trying to ignore my tightening scalp. “Would you like some tea?”Why am I asking her if she wants tea? It’s Ray’s answer to any emotional situation, resurfacing inappropriately. Jeez, he’d have a fit if he saw me right this minute. His army training would have kicked in, and he’d have disarmed her by now. She’s not actually pointing that gun at me. Perhaps I can move. She shakes her head and tilts it from side to side as if stretching her neck. I take a deep precious lungful of air, trying to calm my panicked breathing, and move toward the kitchen island. She frowns as if she can’t quite understand what I am doing and shifts a little so she is still facing me. I reach the kettle and with a shaking hand fill it from the faucet. As I move, my breathing eases. Yes, if she wanted me dead, surely she would have shot me by now. She watches me with an absent, bemused curiosity. As I switch on the kettle, I’m plagued by the thought of Ethan. Is he hurt? Tied up? “Is there anyone else in the apartment?” I ask tentatively. She inclines her head the other way, and with her right hand—the hand not holding the revolver—she grabs a strand of her long greasy hair and starts twirling and fiddling with it, pulling and twisting. It’s obviously a nervous habit, and while I am distracted by this, I am struck once again by how much she resembles me. I hold my breath, waiting for her answer, the anxiety building to an almost unbearable pitch. “Alone. All alone,” she murmurs. I find this comforting. Maybe Ethan isn’t here. The relief is empowering. “Are you sure you don’t want tea or coffee?” “Not thirsty,” she answers softly, and she takes a cautious step toward me. My feeling of empowerment evaporates. Fuck!I start panting with fear again, feeling it surge thick and rough through my veins. In spite of this and feeling beyond brave, I turn and fetch a couple of cups from the cupboard. “What do you have that I don’t?” she asks, her voice assuming the singsong intonation of a child. “What do you mean, Leila?” I ask as gently as I can.
“Master—Mr. Grey—he lets you call him by his given name.” “I’m not his submissive, Leila. Er... Master understands that I am unable, inadequate to fulfill that role.” She tilts her head to the other side. It’s wholly unnerving and unnatural as a gesture. “In-ad-e-quate.” She tests the word, sounding it out, seeing how it feels on her tongue. “But Master is happy. I have seen him. He laughs and smiles. These reactions are rare... very rare for him.” Oh. “You look like me.” Leila changes tack, surprising me, her eyes seeming to focus on me properly for the first time. “Master likes obedient ones who look like you and me. The others, all the same... all the same... and yet you sleep in his bed. I saw you.” Shit! She was in the room. I didn’t imagine it. “You saw me in his bed?” I whisper. “I never slept in Master’s bed,” she murmurs. She’s like a fallen ethereal wraith. Half a person. She looks so slight, and in spite of the fact that she’s holding a gun, I suddenly feel overwhelmed with sympathy for her. Her hands flex around the weapon, and my eyes widen, threatening to pop from my head. “Why does Master like us like this? It makes me think something... something... Master is dark... Master is a dark man, but I love him.” No, no, he’s not. I bristle internally. He’s not dark. He’s a good man, and he’s not in the dark. He’s joined me in the light. And now she’s here, trying to drag him back with some warped idea that she loves him. “Leila, do you want to give me the gun?” I ask softly. Her hand grips it tightly, and she hugs it to her chest. “This is mine. It’s all I have left.” She gently caresses the gun. “So she can join her love.” Holy shit!Which love—Christian? It’s like she’s punched me in the stomach. I know he will be here momentarily to find out what’s keeping me. Does she mean to shoot him? The thought is so horrific, I feel my throat swell and ache as a huge knot forms there, almost choking me, matching the fear that’s balled tightly in my stomach. Right on cue the door bursts open, and Christian is standing in the doorway, Taylor behind him. Glancing at me briefly, Christian’s eyes sweep over me from head to toe, and I notice the small spark of relief in his look. But his relief is fleeting as his gaze darts to Leila and stills, focusing on her, not wavering in the slightest. He glares at her with an intensity I have not seen before, his eyes wild, wide, angry, and scared. Oh no... oh no.
Leila’s eyes widen, and for a moment, it seems her reason returns. She blinks rapidly while her hand tightens once more around the gun. My breath catches in my throat, and my heart starts thumping so loud that I hear the blood pounding in my ears. No, no, no! My world teeters precariously in the hands of this poor, fucked-up woman. Will she shoot? Both of us? Christian? The thought is crippling. But after an eternity, as time hangs suspended around us, her head dips slightly and she gazes up at him, through her long lashes, her expression contrite. Christian holds up his hand, signaling to Taylor to stay where he is. Taylor’s blanched face betrays his fury. I have never seen him like this, but he stands stock-still as Christian and Leila stare at each other. I realize I’m holding my breath. What will she do? What will he do? But they just continue to stare at each other. Christian’s expression is raw, full of some unnamed emotion. It could be pity, fear, affection... or is it love? No, please, not love! His eyes bore into her, and agonizingly slowly, the atmosphere in the apartment changes. The tension is building so that I can sense their connection, the charge between them. No! Suddenly I feel I’m the interloper, intruding on them as they stand gazing at each other. I’m an outsider—a voyeur, spying on a forbidden, intimate scene behind closed curtains. Christian’s intense gaze burns brighter, and his bearing changes subtly. He looks taller, more angular somehow, colder, and more distant. I recognize this stance. I’ve seen him like this before—in his playroom. My scalp prickles anew. This is Dominant Christian, and how at ease he looks. Whether he was born to or made for this role, I just don’t know, but with a sinking heart and sickened stomach, I watch as Leila responds, her lips parting, her breathing picking up as the first flush of color stains her cheeks. No! It’s such an unwelcome glimpse into his past, agonizing to witness. Finally, he mouths a word at her. I can’t make out what it is, but the effect on Leila is immediate. She drops to the floor on her knees, her head bowed, and the gun falls and skitters uselessly across the wooden floor. Holy fuck. Christian walks calmly over to where the gun has fallen and bends gracefully to pick it up. He regards it with ill-disguised disgust then slips it into his jacket pocket. He gazes once more at Leila as she kneels compliantly beside the kitchen island. “Anastasia, go with Taylor,” he commands. Taylor crosses the threshold and stares at me. “Ethan,” I whisper. “Downstairs.” He responds matter-of-factly, his eyes never leaving Leila.
Downstairs. Not here. Ethan’s okay. Relief floods hard and fast through my blood,and for a moment I think I’m going to faint. “Anastasia,” Christian’s tone is clipped in warning. I blink at him, and I’m suddenly unable to move. I don’t want to leave him—leave him with her. He moves to stand beside Leila as she kneels at his feet. He’s hovering over her, protectively. She’s so still, it’s unnatural. I can’t take my eyes off the two of them—together... “For the love of God, Anastasia, will you do as you’re told for once in your life andgo!” Christian’s eyes lock with mine as he glowers at me, his voice a blistering cold shard of ice. The anger beneath the quiet, deliberate delivery of his words is palpable. Angry at me? Surely not. Please—No!I feel like he’s slapped me hard. Why does he want to stay with her? “Taylor. Take Miss Steele downstairs. Now.” Taylor nods at him as I stare at Christian. “Why?” I whisper. “Go. Back to the apartment.” His eyes blaze frostily at me. “I need to be alone with Leila.” He says it urgently. I think he’s trying to convey some kind of message, but I’m so thrown by all that’s happened that I’m not sure. I glance down at Leila and notice a very small smile cross her lips, but otherwise she remains truly impassive. A complete submissive. Fuck!My heart chills. This is what he needs. This is what he likes. No!I want to wail. “Miss Steele. Ana.” Taylor holds his hand out to me, imploring me to come. I am immobilized by the horrific spectacle before me. It confirms my worst fears and plays on all my insecurities: Christian and Leila together—the Dom and his sub. “Taylor,” Christian urges, and Taylor leans down and scoops me into his arms. The last thing I see as we leave is Christian gently stroking Leila’s head as he murmurs something softly to her. No! As Taylor carries me down the stairs, I lie limply in his arms trying to grasp what’s happened in the last ten minutes—was it longer? Or shorter? The concept of time has deserted me. Christian and Leila, Leila and Christian... together? What is he doing with her now? “Jesus, Ana! What the fuck is going on?”
I am relieved to see Ethan as he paces the small lobby, still carrying his large shoulder bag. Oh, thank heavens he’s okay!When Taylor sets me down, I practically throw myself at Ethan, wrapping my arms around his neck. “Ethan. Oh, thank God!” I hug him, holding him close. I was so worried, and for a brief moment, I enjoy some respite from my rising panic at what is unfolding upstairs in my apartment. “What the fuck is going on, Ana? Who’s this guy?” “Oh, sorry, Ethan, this is Taylor. He works with Christian. Taylor, this is Ethan, my roommate’s brother.” They nod at each other. “Ana, upstairs, what’s going on? I was fishing for the apartment keys when these guys jumped out of nowhere and grabbed them. One of them was Christian...” Ethan’s voice trails off. “You were late... Thank God.” “Yeah. I met a friend from Pullman—we had a quick drink. Upstairs, what’s going on?” “There’s a girl, an ex of Christian’s. In our apartment. She’s gone postal, and Christian is...” My voice cracks, and tears pool in my eyes. “Hey,” Ethan whispers and pulls me close once more. “Has anyone called the cops?” “No, it’s not like that.” I sob into his chest and now I’ve started, I can’t stop crying, the tension of this latest episode releasing through my tears. Ethan tightens his arms around me, but I sense his bemusement. “Hey, Ana, let’s go get a drink.” He pats my back awkwardly. Abruptly, I feel awkward, too, and embarrassed, and in all honesty, I want to be on my own. But I nod, accepting his offer. I want to be away from here, away from whatever’s going on upstairs. I turn to Taylor. “Was the apartment checked?” I ask him tearfully, wiping my nose with the back of my hand. “This afternoon.” Taylor shrugs apologetically as he hands me a handkerchief. He looks devastated. “I’m sorry, Ana,” he murmurs. I frown. Jeez, he looks so guilty. I don’t want to make him feel worse. “She does seem to have an uncanny ability to evade us,” he adds scowling again. “Ethan and I will go for a quick drink then head back to Escala.” I dry my eyes.
Taylor shuffles from foot to foot uncomfortably. “Mr. Grey wanted you to go back to the apartment,” he says quietly. “Well, we know where Leila is now.” I can’t keep the bitterness out of my voice. “So, no need for all the security. Tell Christian we’ll see him later.” Taylor opens his mouth to speak and then wisely closes it again. “Do you want to leave your bag with Taylor?” I ask Ethan. “No, I’ll keep it with me, thanks.” Ethan nods at Taylor, then ushers me out of the front door. Too late, I remember that I’ve left my purse in the back of Audi. I have nothing. “My purse—” “Don’t worry,” Ethan murmurs, his face full of concern. “It’s cool, it’s on me.” We choose a bar across the street, settling onto wooden bar stools by the window. I want to see what’s going on—who’s coming, and more importantly who’s going. Ethan hands me a bottle of beer. “Trouble with an ex?” he says gently. “It’s a bit more complicated than that,” I mutter, abruptly guarded. I can’t talk about this—I have signed an NDA. And for the first time, I really resent that fact and that Christian’s said nothing about rescinding it. “I’ve got time,” Ethan says kindly and takes a long slug of his beer. “She’s an ex, from years back. She left her husband for some guy. Then a couple of weeks or so ago he was killed in a car crash, and now she’s come after Christian.” I shrug. There, that didn’t give too much away. “Come after him?” “She had a gun.” “What the fuck!” “She didn’t actually threaten anyone with it. I think she meant to harm herself. But that’s why I was so worried about you. I didn’t know if you were in the apartment.” “I see. She sounds unstable.” “Yes, she is.”
“And what’s Christian doing with her now?” The blood drains from my face and bile rises in my throat. “I don’t know,” I whisper. Ethan’s eyes widen—at last he’s got it. This is the crux of my problem. What the fuckarethey doing? Talking, I hope. Just talking. Yet all I can see in my mind’s eye is his hand, tenderly stroking her hair. She’s disturbed and Christian cares about her, that’s all this is, I rationalize. But in the back of my mind, my subconscious is shaking her head sadly. It’s more than that. Leila was able to fulfill his needs in a way I cannot. The thought is depressing. I try to focus on all we’ve done in the last few days—his declaration of love, his flirty humor, his playfulness. But Elena’s words keep coming back to taunt me. It’s true what they say about eavesdroppers. Don’t you miss it... your playroom? I finish my beer in record time, and Ethan lines up another. I am not much of a companion, but to his credit he stays with me, chatting, trying to lift my spirits, talking about Barbados, and Kate and Elliot’s antics, which is wonderfully distracting. But it’s just that—a distraction. My mind, my heart, my soul are all still in that apartment with my Fifty Shades and the woman who used to be his submissive. A woman who thinks she still loves him. A woman who looks like me. During our third beer, a large cruiser with heavily-tinted windows pulls up next to the Audi in front of the apartment. I recognize Dr. Flynn as he climbs out, accompanied by a woman dressed in what look like pale blue scrubs. I glimpse Taylor as he lets them in through the front door. “Who’s that?” Ethan asks. “His name’s Dr. Flynn. Christian knows him.” “What kind of doctor?” “A shrink.” “Oh.” We both watch, and a few minutes later they are back. Christian is carrying Leila who is wrapped in a blanket. What? I watch horrified as they all climb into the cruiser, and it speeds away. Ethan glances at me sympathetically, and I feel desolate, completely desolate. “Can I have something a bit stronger?” I ask Ethan, my voice small.
“Sure. What would you like?” “A brandy. Please.” Ethan nods and retreats to the bar. I gaze through the window at the front door. Moments later Taylor emerges, climbs into the Audi, and heads off toward Escala... after Christian? I don’t know. Ethan places a large brandy in front of me. “Come on, Steele. Let’s get drunk.” Sounds like the best offer I’ve had in a while. We clink glasses, and I take a gulp of the burning amber liquid, the fiery heat a welcome distraction from the hideous blossoming pain in my heart. It’s late, and I feel fuzzy. Ethan and I are locked out of the apartment. He insists on walking me back to Escala, but he won’t stay. He’s called the friend he met earlier for a drink and arranged to crash with him. “So, this is where the Mogul lives.” Ethan whistles through his teeth, impressed. I nod. “Sure you don’t want me to come in with you?” he asks. “No, I need to face this—or just go to bed.” “See you tomorrow?” “Yes. Thanks, Ethan.” I hug him. “You’ll work it out, Steele,” he murmurs against my ear. He releases me and watches while I head into the building. “Laters,” he calls. I offer him a weak smile and a wave then press the button to call the elevator. The elevator doors open, and I step into Christian’s apartment. Taylor is not waiting, which is unusual. Opening the double doors, I head toward the great room. Christian is on the phone, pacing the room near the piano. “She’s here,” he snaps. He turns to glare at me as he switches off his phone. “Where the fuck have you been?” he growls but doesn’t make a move toward me. Holy crap, he’s angry with me? He’s the one that just spent God knows how long with his loony exgirlfriend, and he’sangry withme? “Have you been drinking?” he asks, appalled.
“A bit.” I didn’t think it was that obvious. He gasps and runs his hand through his hair. “I told you to come back here.” His voice is menacingly quiet. “It’s now fifteen after ten. I’ve been worried about you.” “I went for a drink or three with Ethan while you attended to your ex,” I hiss at him. “I didn’t know how long you were going to be... with her.” He narrows his eyes and takes a few paces toward me but stops. “Why do you say it that like that?” I shrug and stare down at my fingers. “Ana, what’s wrong?” And for the first time, I hear something other than anger in his voice. What? Fear? I swallow, trying to work out what I want to say. “Where’s Leila?” I ask looking up at him. “In a psychiatric hospital in Fremont,” he says, and his face is scrutinizing mine. “Ana, what is it?” He moves toward me until he’s standing right in front of me. “What’s wrong?” he breathes. I shake my head. “I’m no good for you.” “What?” he breathes, his eyes widening in alarm. “Why do you think that? How can you possibly think that?” “I can’t be everything you need.” “You are everything I need. “Just seeing you with her...” My voice trails off. “Why do you do this to me? This is not about you, Ana. It’s about her.” He takes a sharp breath, running his hand through his hair again. “At the moment she’s a very sick girl.” “But I felt it... what you had together.” “What? No.” He reaches for me, and I step back instinctively. He drops his hand, blinking at me. He looks as though he’s seized with panic. “You’re running?” he whispers as his eyes widen with fear. I say nothing as I try to collect my scattered thoughts. “You can’t,” he pleads.
“Christian... I—” I struggle to collect my thoughts. What am I trying to say? I need time, time to process this. Give me time. “No. No!” he says. “I...” He looks wildly around the room. For inspiration? For divine intervention? I don’t know. “You can’t go. Ana, I love you!” “I love you, too, Christian, it’s just—” “No... no!” he says in desperation and puts both hands on his head. “Christian...” “No,” he breathes, his eyes wide with panic, and suddenly he drops to his knees in front of me, head bowed, long-fingered hands spread out on his thighs. He takes a deep breath and doesn’t move. What? “Christian, what are you doing?” He continues to stare down, not looking at me. “Christian!What are you doing?” My voice is high-pitched. He doesn’t move. “Christian, look at me!” I command in panic. His head sweeps up without hesitation, and he regards me passively with his cool gray gaze—he’s almost serene... expectant. Holy Fuck... Christian. The submissive.
Christian on his knees at my feet, holding me with his steady gray gaze, is the most chilling and sobering sight I have ever seen—more so than Leila and her gun. The vague alcoholic fuzziness I’m suffering from evaporates in an instant and is replaced by a prickling scalp and a creeping sense of doom as the blood drains from my face. I inhale sharply with shock. No. No, this is wrong, so wrong and so disturbing. “Christian, please, don’t do this. I don’t want this.” He continues to regard me passively, not moving, saying nothing. Oh fuck. My poor Fifty. My heart squeezes and twists. What the hell have I done to him? Tears prick my eyes. “Why are you doing this? Talk to me,” I whisper. He blinks once. “What would you like me to say?” he says softly, blandly, and for a moment I’m relieved that he’s talking, but not like this—no. No. Tears begin to ooze down my cheeks, and suddenly it is too much to see him in the same prostrate position as the pathetic creature that was Leila. The image of a powerful man who’s really still a little boy, who was horrifically abused and neglected, who feels unworthy of love from his perfect family and his much-less-than perfect girlfriend... my lost boy... it’s heartbreaking. Compassion, loss, and despair all swell in my heart, and I feel a choking sense of desperation. I am going to have to fight to bring him back, to bring back my Fifty.
The thought of me dominating anyone is appalling. The thought of dominating Christian is nauseating. It would make me like her—the woman who did this to him. I shudder at that thought, fighting the bile in my throat. No way can I do that. No way do I want that. As my thoughts clear, I can see only one way. Not taking my eyes off his, I sink to my knees in front of him. The wooden floor is hard against my shins, and I dash my tears away roughly with the back of my hand. Like this, we are equals. We’re on a level. This is the only way I’m going to retrieve him. His eyes widen fractionally as I stare up at him, but beyond that his expression and stance don’t change. “Christian, you don’t have to do this,” I plead. “I’m not going to run. I’ve told you and told you and told you, I won’t run.” All that’s happened... it’s overwhelming. I just need some time to think... some time to myself. Why do you always assume the worst?” My heart clenches again because I know; it’s because he’s so doubting, so full of self-loathing. Elena’s words come back to haunt me. “Does she know how negative you are about yourself? About all your issues?” Oh, Christian. Fear grips my heart once more and I start babbling, “I was going to suggest going back to my apartment this evening. You never give me any time... time to just think things through,” I sob, and a ghost of a frown crosses his face. “Just time to think. We barely know each other, and all this baggage that comes with you... I need... I need time to think it through. And now that Leila is... well, whatever she is... she’s off the streets and not a threat... I thought... I thought...” My voice trails off and I stare at him. He regards me intently and I think he’s listening “Seeing you with Leila...” I close my eyes as the painful memory of his interaction with his ex-sub gnaws at me anew. “It was such a shock. I had a glimpse into how your life has been... and...” I gaze down at my knotted fingers, tears still trickling down my cheeks. “This is about me not being good enough for you. It was an insight into your life, and I am so scared you’ll get bored with me, and then you’ll go... and I’ll end up like Leila... a shadow. Because I love you, Christian, and if you leave me, it will be like a world without light. I’ll be in darkness. I don’t want to run. I’m just so frightened you’ll leave me...” I realize as I say these words to him—in the hope that he’s listening—what my real problem is. I just don’t get why he likes me. I have never understood why he likes me. “I don’t understand why you find me attractive,” I murmur. “You’re, well, you’re you... and I’m...” I shrug and gaze up at him. “I just don’t see it. You’re beautiful and sexy and successful and good and kind and caring—all those things—and I’m not. And I can’t do the things you like to do. I can’t give you what you need. How could you be happy with me? How can I possibly hold you?” My voice is a whisper as I express my darkest fears. “I have never understood what you see in me. And seeing you with her, it brought all that home.” I sniff and wipe my nose with the back of my hand, gazing at his impassive expression.
Oh, he’s so exasperating. Talk to me, damn it! “Are you going to kneel here all night? Because I’ll do it, too,” I snap at him. I think his expression softens—maybe he looks vaguely amused. But it’s so hard to tell. I could reach across and touch him, but this would be a gross abuse of the position he’s put me in. I don’t want that, but I don’t know what he wants, or what he’s trying to say to me. I just don’t understand. “Christian, please, please... talk to me,” I beseech him, wringing my hands in my lap. I am uncomfortable on my knees, but I continue to kneel, staring into his serious, beautiful, gray eyes, and I wait. And wait. And wait. “Please,” I beg once more. His intense gaze darkens suddenly and he blinks. “I was so scared,” he whispers. Oh, thank the Lord! Inside, my subconscious staggers back into her armchair, sagging with relief, and takes a large swig of gin. He’s talking! Gratitude overwhelms me, and I swallow, trying to contain my emotion and the fresh bout of tears that threatens. His voice is soft and low. “When I saw Ethan arrive outside, I knew someone had let you into your apartment. Both Taylor and I leapt out of the car. We knew and to see her there like that with you—and armed. I think I died a thousand deaths, Ana. Someone threatening you... all my worst fears realized. I was so angry, with her, with you, with Taylor, with myself.” He shakes his head revealing his agony. “I didn’t know how volatile she would be. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t know how she’d react.” He stops and frowns. “And then she gave me a clue; she looked so contrite. And I just knew what I had to do.” He pauses, gazing at me, trying to gauge my reaction. “Go on,” I whisper. He swallows. “Seeing her in that state, knowing that I might have something to do with her mental breakdown...” He closes his eyes once more. “She was always so mischievous and lively.” He shudders and takes a rasping breath, almost like a sob. This is torture to listen to, but I kneel, attentive, lapping up this insight. “She might have harmed you. And it would have been my fault.” His eyes drift off, filled with uncomprehending horror, and he’s silent once more.
“But she didn’t,” I whisper. “And you weren’t responsible for her being in that state, Christian.” I blink up at him, encouraging him to continue. Then it dawns on me afresh that everything he did was to keep me safe, and perhaps Leila, too, because he also cares for her. But how much does he care for her? The question lingers in my head, unwelcome. He says he loves me, but then he was so harsh, throwing me out of my own apartment. “I just wanted you gone,” he murmurs, with his uncanny ability to read my thoughts. “I wanted you away from the danger, and... You. Just. Wouldn’t. Go,” he hisses through clenched teeth and shakes his head. His exasperation is palpable. He gazes at me intently. “Anastasia Steele, you are the most stubborn woman I know.” He closes his eyes and shakes his head once more in disbelief. Oh, he’s back. I breathe a long, cleansing sigh of relief. He opens his eyes again, and his expression is forlorn—sincere. “You weren’t going to run?” he asks. “No!” He closes his eyes again and his whole body relaxes. When he opens his eyes, I can see his pain and anguish. “I thought—” He stops. “This is me, Ana. All of me... and I’m all yours. What do I have to do to make you realize that? To make you see that I want you any way I can get you. That I love you.” “I love you, too, Christian, and to see you like this is...” I choke and my tears start afresh. “I thought I’d broken you.” “Broken? Me? Oh no, Ana. Just the opposite.” He reaches out and takes my hand. “You’re my lifeline,” he whispers, and he kisses my knuckles before pressing my palm against his. With his eyes wide and full of fear, he gently tugs my hand and places it on his chest over his heart—in the forbidden zone. His breathing quickens. His heart is beating a frantic, pounding tattoo beneath my fingers. He doesn’t take his eyes off mine; his jaw is tense, his teeth clenched. I gasp. Oh my Fifty! He’s letting me touch him. And it’s like all the air in my lungs has vaporized—gone. The blood is pounding in my ears as the rhythm of my heart rises to match his. He releases my hand, leaving it in place over his heart. I flex my fingers slightly, feeling the warmth of his skin beneath the thin fabric of his shirt. He’s holding his breath. I can’t bear it. I make to move my hand. “No,” he says quickly and places his hand once more over mine, pressing my fingers against him. “Don’t.” Emboldened by these two words, I shuffle closer so our knees are touching and tentatively raise my other hand so that he knows exactly what I intend to do. His eyes grow wider but he doesn’t stop me.
Gently I start to undo the buttons on his shirt. It’s tricky with one hand. I flex my fingers beneath his hand and he lets go, allowing me to use both hands to undo his shirt. My eyes don’t leave his as I pull his shirt open, revealing his chest. He swallows, and his lips part as his breathing increases, and I sense his rising panic, but he doesn’t pull away. Is he still in sub mode? I have no idea. Should I do this? I don’t want to hurt him, physically or mentally. The sight of him like this, offering himself to me, has been a wake-up call. I reach up, and my hand hovers over his chest, and I stare at him... asking his permission. Very subtly he tilts his head to one side, steeling himself in anticipation of my touch, and the tension radiates from him, but this time it’s not in anger—it’s in fear. I hesitate. Can I really do this to him? “Yes,” he breathes—again with the weird ability to answer my unspoken questions. I extend my fingertips into his chest hair and lightly brush them down his sternum. He closes his eyes, and his face creases as if he’s experiencing intolerable pain. It’s unbearable to witness, so I lift my fingers immediately, but he quickly grabs my hand and replaces it firmly, flat on his bare chest so that the hair tickles my palm. “No,” he says, his voice strained. “I need to.” His eyes are screwed up so tightly. This must be agony. It’s truly tormenting to watch. Carefully I let my fingers stroke across his chest to his heart, marveling at the feel of him, terrified that this is a step too far. He opens his eyes, and they are gray fire, blazing at me. Holy cow. His look is blistering, feral, beyond intense, and his breathing is rapid. It stirs my blood. I squirm under his gaze. He hasn’t stopped me, so I run my fingertips across his chest again, and his mouth goes slack. He’s panting, and I don’t know if it’s from fear, or something else. I’ve wanted to kiss him there for so long that I lean up on my knees and hold his gaze for a moment, making my intention perfectly clear. Then I bend and gently plant a soft kiss above his heart, feeling his warm, sweet-smelling skin beneath my lips. His strangled groan moves me so much that I sit back on my heels, fearful of what I’ll see on his face. His eyes are screwed tightly shut, but he hasn’t moved. “Again,” he whispers, and I lean into his chest once more, this time to kiss one of his scars. He gasps, and I kiss another and another. He groans loudly, and suddenly his arms are around me, and his hand is in
my hair, pulling my head up painfully so that my lips meet his insistent mouth. And we’re kissing, my fingers knotting into his hair. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes, and he twists and pulls me down on to the floor so that I am underneath him. I bring my hands up to cup his beautiful face, and in that moment, I feel his tears. He’s crying... no. No! “Christian, please, don’t cry. I meant it when I said I’d never leave you. I did. If I gave you any other impression, I’m so sorry... please, please forgive me. I love you. I will always love you.” He looms over me, gazing down into my face, and his expression is so pained. “What is it?” His eyes grow larger. “What is this secret that makes you think I’ll run for the hills? That makes you so determined to believe I’ll go?” I plead, my voice tremulous. “Tell me, Christian, please...” He sits up, though this time he crosses his legs and I follow suit, my legs outstretched. Vaguely I wonder if we can get off the floor? But I don’t want to interrupt his train of thought. He’s finally going to confide in me. He gazes down at me, and he looks utterly desolate. Oh shit—it’s bad. “Ana...” He pauses, searching for the words, his expression pained... Oh? Where the hell is this going? He takes a deep breath and swallows. “I’m a sadist, Ana. I like to whip little brown-haired girls like you because you all look like the crack whore—my birth mother. I’m sure you can guess why.” He says it in a rush as if he’s had the sentence in his head for days and days and is desperate to be rid of it. My world stops. Oh no. This is not what I expected. This is bad. Really bad. I gaze at him, trying to understand the implication of what he’s just said. It does explain why we all look the same. My immediate thought is that Leila was right—“Master is dark.” I recall the first conversation I had with him about his tendencies when we were in the Red Room of Pain. “You said you weren’t a sadist,” I whisper, desperately trying to understand... make some excuse for him. “No, I said I was a Dominant. If I lied to you, it was a lie of omission. I’m sorry.” He looks briefly down at his manicured fingernails.
I think he’s mortified. Mortified about lying to me? Or about what he is? “When you asked me that question, I had envisioned a very different relationship between us,” he murmurs. I can tell by his gaze that he’s terrified. Then it hits me like a wrecking ball. If he’s a sadist, he reallyneedsall that whipping and caning shit. Oh fuck. I put my head in my hands. “So it’s true,” I whisper, glancing up at him. “I can’t give you what you need.” This is it—this really does mean we are incompatible. The world starts falling away at my feet, collapsing around me as panic grips my throat. This is it. We can’t do this. He frowns. “No, No, No. Ana. No. You can. You do give me what I need.” He clenches his fists. “Please believe me,” he murmurs, his words an impassioned plea. “I don’t know what to believe, Christian. This is so fucked-up,” I whisper, my throat hoarse and aching as it closes in, choking me with unshed tears. His eyes are wide and luminous when he looks at me again. “Ana, believe me. After I punished you and you left me, my worldview changed. I wasn’t joking when I said I would avoid ever feeling like that again.” He gazes at me with pained entreaty. “When you said you loved me, it was a revelation. No one’s ever said it to me before, and it was as if I’d laid something to rest—or maybe you’d laid it to rest, I don’t know. Dr. Flynn and I are still in deep discussion about it.” Oh. Hope flares briefly in my heart. Perhaps we’ll be okay. I want us to be okay. Don’t I? “What does that all mean?” I whisper. “It means I don’t need it. Not now.” What? “How do you know? How can you be so sure?” “I just know. The thought of hurting you... in any real way... it’s abhorrent to me.” “I don’t understand. What about rulers and spanking and all that kinky fuckery?” He runs a hand through his hair and almost smiles but instead sighs ruefully. “I’m talking about the heavy shit, Anastasia. You should see what I can do with a cane or a cat.” My mouth drops open, stunned. “I’d rather not.” “I know. If you wanted to do that, then fine... but you don’t and I get it. I can’t do all that shit with you if you don’t want to. I told you once before, you have all the power. And now, since you came back, I don’t feel that compulsion, at all.”
I gape at him for a moment trying to take this all in. “When we met, that’s what you wanted, though?” “Yes, undoubtedly.” “How can your compulsion just go, Christian? Like I’m some kind of panacea, and you’re—for want of a better word—cured? I don’t get it.” He sighs once more. “I wouldn’t say cured... You don’t believe me?” “I just find it—unbelievable. Which is different.” “If you’d never left me, then I probably wouldn’t feel this way. You walking out on me was the best thing you ever did... for us. It made me realize how much I want you, just you, and I mean it when I say I’ll take you any way I can have you.” I gaze at him. Can I believe this? My head hurts just trying to think this all through, and deep down I feel... numb. “You’re still here. I thought you would be out of the door by now,” he whispers. “Why? Because I might think you’re a sicko for whipping and fucking women who look like your mother? Whatever would give you that impression?” I hiss at him, lashing out. He blanches at my harsh words. “Well, I wouldn’t have put it quite like that, but yes,” he says, his eyes wide and hurt. His expression is sobering and I regret my outburst. I frown, feeling a pang of guilt. Oh, what am I going to do? I gaze at him and he looks contrite, sincere... he looks like my Fifty. And unbidden I recall the photograph in his childhood bedroom, and in that moment realize why the woman in it looked so familiar. She looked like him. She must have been his biological mother. His easy dismissal of her comes to mind: No one of consequence... She’s responsible for all this... and I look like her... Fuck! He stares at me, eyes raw, and I know he’s waiting for my next move. He seems genuine. He’s said he loves me, but I’m really confused. This is all so fucked-up. He’s reassured me about Leila, but now I know with more certainty than ever how she was able to give him his kicks. The thought is wearying and unpalatable. I am so tired of all this. “Christian, I’m exhausted. Can we discuss this tomorrow? I want to go to bed.” He blinks at me in surprise. “You’re not going?”
“Do you want me to go?” “No! I thought you would leave once you knew.” All the times he’s alluded to me leaving once I knew his darkest secrets flash through my mind... and now I know. Shit. Master is dark. Should I leave? I gaze at him, this crazy man that I love, yes love. Can I leave him? I left him once before, and it nearly broke me... and him. I love him. I know that in spite of this revelation. “Don’t leave me,” he whispers. “Oh, for crying out loud—no! I am not going to go!” I shout and it’s cathartic. There, I’ve said it. I am not leaving. “Really?” His eyes widen. “What can I do to make you understand I will not run? What can I say?” He gazes at me, revealing his fear and anguish again. He swallows. “There is one thing you can do.” “What?” I snap. “Marry me,” he whispers. What? Did he really just— For the second time in less than half an hour my world stops. Holy fuck. I stare at the deeply fucked-up man I love. I can’t believe what he’s just said. Marriage? He’s proposing marriage? Is he kidding? I can’t help it—a small, nervous, disbelieving giggle erupts from deep inside. I bite my lip to stop it from turning into full-scale hysterical laughter and fail miserably. I lie back flat on the floor and surrender myself to the laughter, laughing as I’ve never laughed before, huge healing cathartic howls of laughter. And for a moment I am on my own, looking down at this absurd situation, a giggling, overwhelmed girl beside a beautiful fucked-up boy. I drape my arm across my eyes, as my laughter turns to scalding tears. No, no... this is too much. As the hysteria subsides, Christian gently lifts my arm off my face. I turn and gaze up at him. He’s leaning over me. His mouth is twisted with wry amusement, but his eyes are a burning gray, maybe wounded. Oh no.
He gently wipes away a stray tear with the back of his knuckles. “You find my proposal amusing, Miss Steele?” Oh, Fifty! Reaching up, I caress his cheek tenderly, enjoying the feel of the stubble beneath my fingers. Lord, I love this man. “Mr. Grey... Christian. Your sense of timing is without doubt...” I gaze up at him as words fail me. He smirks at me, but the crinkling around his eyes shows me that he’s hurt. It’s sobering. “You’re cutting me to the quick here, Ana. Will you marry me?” I sit up and lean over him, placing my hands on his knees. I stare into his lovely face. “Christian, I’ve met your psycho ex with a gun, been thrown out of my apartment, had you go thermonuclear Fifty on me—” He opens his mouth to speak, but I hold up my hand. He obediently shuts his mouth. “You’ve just revealed some, quite frankly, shocking information about yourself, and now you’ve asked me to marry you.” He moves his head from side to side as if considering the facts. He’s amused. Thank heavens. “Yes, I think that’s a fair and accurate summary of the situation,” he says dryly. I shake my head at him. “Whatever happened to delayed gratification?” “I got over it, and I’m now a firm advocate of instant gratification. Carpe diem,Ana,” he whispers. “Look Christian, I’ve known you for about three minutes, and there’s so much more I need to know. I’ve had too much to drink, I’m hungry, I’m tired, and I want to go to bed. I need to consider your proposal just as I considered that contract you gave me. And”—I press my lips together to show my displeasure but also to lighten the mood between us—“that wasn’t the most romantic proposal.” He tilts his head to one side and his lips quirk up in a smile. “Fair point well made, as ever, Miss Steele,” he breathes, his voice laced with relief. “So that’s not a no?” I sigh. “No, Mr. Grey, it’s not a no, but it’s not a yes either. You’re only doing this because you’re scared, and you don’t trust me.” “No, I’m doing this because I’ve finally met someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.” Oh. My heart skips a beat and inside I melt. How is it that in the middle of the most fucked-up situations he can say the most romantic things? My mouth pops open in shock. “I never thought that would happen to me,” he continues, his expression radiating pure undiluted sincerity.
I gape at him, searching for the right words. “Can I think about it... please? And think about everything else that’s happened today? What you’ve just told me? You asked for patience and faith. Well, back at you, Grey. I need those now.” His eyes search mine and after a beat, he leans forward and tucks my hair behind my ear. “I can live with that.” He kisses me quickly on the lips. “Not very romantic, eh?” He raises his eyebrows, and I give him an admonishing shake of my head. “Hearts and flowers?” he asks softly. I nod and he gives me a slight smile. “You’re hungry?” “Yes.” “You didn’t eat.” His eyes frost and his jaw hardens. “No, I didn’t eat.” I sit back on my heels and regard him passively. “Being thrown out of my apartment after witnessing my boyfriend interacting intimately with his ex-submissive considerably suppressed my appetite.” I glare at him and fist my hands on my hips. Christian shakes his head and rises gracefully to his feet. Oh, finally we can get off the floor. He holds his hand out to me. “Let me fix you something to eat,” he says. “Can’t I just go to bed?” I mutter wearily as I place my hand in his. He pulls me up. I am stiff. He gazes down at me, his expression soft. “No, you need to eat. Come.” Bossy Christian is back, and it’s a relief. He leads me to the kitchen area and ushers me toward a bar stool as he heads to the fridge. I glance at my watch. Jeez, nearly eleven thirty and I have to get up for work in the morning. “Christian, I’m really not hungry.” He studiously ignores me as he ferrets through the enormous fridge. “Cheese?” he asks. “Not at this hour.” “Pretzels?” “In the fridge? No,” I snap. He turns and grins at me. “You don’t like pretzels?”
“Not at eleven thirty. Christian, I’m going to bed. You can rummage around in your refrigerator for the rest of the night if you want. I’m tired, and I’ve had far too interesting a day. A day I’d like to forget.” I slide off the stool and he scowls at me, but right now I don’t care. I want to go to bed—I’m exhausted. “Macaroni and cheese?” He holds up a white bowl lidded with foil. He looks so hopeful and endearing. “You like macaroni and cheese?” I ask. He nods enthusiastically, and my heart melts. He looks so young all of a sudden. Who would have thought? Christian Grey likes nursery food. “You want some?” he asks, sounding hopeful. I can’t resist him and I’m hungry. I nod and give him a weak smile. His answering grin is breathtaking. He takes the foil off the bowl and pops it into the microwave. I perch back on the stool and watch the beauty that is Mr. Christian Grey— the man who wants to marry me—move gracefully and with ease around his kitchen. “So you know how to use the microwave then?” I tease softly. “If it’s in a packet, I can usually do something with it. It’s real food I have a problem with.” I cannot believe this is the same man who was on his knees in front of me not half an hour before. He’s his usual mercurial self. He sets out plates, cutlery, and placemats on the breakfast bar. “It’s very late,” I mutter. “Don’t go to work tomorrow.” “I have to go to work tomorrow. My boss is leaving for New York.” Christian frowns. “Do you want to go there this weekend?” “I checked the weather forecast, and it looks like rain,” I say, shaking my head. “Oh, so what do you want to do?” The microwave’s ping announces that our supper is warmed through. “I just want to get through one day at a time at the moment. All this excitement is... tiring.” I raise an eyebrow at him, which he judiciously ignores. Christian places the white bowl in between our place settings and takes his seat beside me. He looks deep in thought, distracted. I dish the macaroni onto our plates. It smells divine, and my mouth waters in anticipation. I am famished. “Sorry about Leila,” he murmurs.
“Why are you sorry?” Mmm, the macaroni tastes as good as it smells. My stomach grumbles gratefully. “It must have been a terrible shock for you, finding her in your apartment. Taylor swept it earlier himself. He’s very upset.” “I don’t blame Taylor.” “Neither do I. He’s been out looking for you.” “Really? Why?” “I didn’t know where you were. You left your purse, your phone. I couldn’t even track you. Where did you go?” he asks. His voice is soft, but there’s an ominous undercurrent to his words. “Ethan and I just went to a bar across the street. So I could watch what was happening.” “I see.” The atmosphere between us has changed subtly. It’s no longer light. Okay, well... two can play that game. Let’s just bring this back to you, Fifty. Trying to sound nonchalant, wanting to assuage my burning curiosity but dreading the answer, I ask, “So what did you do with Leila in the apartment?” I glance up at him, and he freezes with his forkful of macaroni suspended in midair. Oh no, that’s not good. “You really want to know?” A knot tightens in my gut and my appetite vanishes. “Yes,” I whisper. Do you? Do you really? My subconscious has thrown her empty bottle of gin on the floor and is sitting up in her armchair, glaring at me in horror. Christian’s mouth flattens into a line, and he hesitates. “We talked, and I gave her a bath.” His voice is hoarse, and he continues quickly when I make no response. “And I dressed her in some of your clothes. I hope you don’t mind. But she was filthy.” Holy fuck. He bathed her? What an inappropriate thing to do. I’m reeling, staring down at my uneaten macaroni. The sight of it now makes me nauseous. Try to rationalize this, my subconscious coaches. That cool, intellectual part of my brain knows that he just did that because she was dirty, but it’s too hard. My fragile jealous self can’t bear it. Suddenly I want to cry—not succumb to ladylike tears that trickle decorously down my cheeks, but howling at the moon crying. I take a deep breath to suppress the urge, but my throat is arid and uncomfortable from my unshed tears and sobs.
“It was all I could do, Ana,” he says softly. “You still have feelings for her?” “No!” he says, appalled, and closes his eyes, his expression one of anguish. I turn away, staring once more at my nauseating food. I can’t bear to look at him. “To see her like that—so different, so broken. I care about her, one human being to another.” He shrugs as if to shake off an unpleasant memory. Jeez, is he expecting my sympathy? “Ana, look at me.” I can’t. I know that if I do, I will burst into tears. This is just too much to absorb. I’m like an overflowing tank of gasoline—full, beyond capacity. There is no room for any more. I simply cannot cope with any more crap. I will combust and explode, and it will be ugly if I try. Jeez! Christian caring for his ex-sub in such an intimate fashion—the image flashes through my brain. Bathing her, for fuck’s sake—naked. A harsh, painful shudder wracks my body. “Ana.” “What?” “Don’t. It doesn’t mean anything. It was like caring for a child, a broken, shattered child,” he mutters. What the hell would he know about caring for a child? This was a woman he had a very full-on, deviant sexual relationship with. Oh, this hurts. I take a deep, steadying breath. Or perhaps he’s referring to himself. He’s the broken child. That makes more sense... or maybe it makes no sense at all. Oh, this is so fucked-up, and suddenly I’m bone crushingly tired. I need sleep. “Ana?” I stand, take my plate to the sink, and scrape the contents into the trash. “Ana, please.” I whirl around and face him. “Just stop, Christian! Just stop with the ‘Ana, please’!” I shout at him, and my tears start to trickle down my face. “I’ve had enough of all this shit today. I am going to bed. I am tired and emotional. Now let me be.” I turn on my heel and practically run to the bedroom, taking with me the memory of his wide-eyed, shocked stare. Nice to know I can shock him, too. I strip out of my clothes in double-quick time, and after rifling through his chest of drawers, drag on one of his T-shirts and head for the bathroom.
I gaze at myself in the mirror, hardly recognizing the gaunt, pink-eyed, blotchy-cheeked harridan staring back at me, and it’s too much. I sink to the floor and surrender to the overwhelming emotion I can no longer contain, sobbing huge chest-wrenching sobs, finally letting my tears flow unrestrained. “Hey,” Christian’s says gently as he pulls me into his arms, “please don’t cry, Ana, please,” he begs. He’s on the bathroom floor, and I am in his lap. I put my arms around him and weep into his neck. Cooing softly into my hair, he gently strokes my back, my head. “I’m sorry, baby,” he whispers, and that makes me cry harder and hug him tighter. We sit like this forever. Eventually, when I’m all cried out, Christian staggers to his feet, holding me, and carries me into his room where he lays me down in the bed. In a few moments, he’s beside me and the lights are off. He pulls me into his arms, hugging me tightly, and I finally drift off into a dark and troubled sleep. I awake with a jolt. My head is fuzzy and I’m too warm. Christian is wrapped around me like a vine. He grumbles in his sleep as I slip out of his arms, but he doesn’t wake. Sitting up I glance at the alarm clock. It’s three in the morning. I need an Advil and a drink. I swing my legs out of bed and make my way to the kitchen in the great room. In the fridge, I find a carton of orange juice and pour myself a glass. Hmm... it’s delicious, and my fuzzy head eases immediately. I hunt through the cupboards looking for some painkillers and eventually come across a plastic box full of meds. I sink two Advil and pour myself another orange juice. Wandering to the great wall of glass, I look out on a sleeping Seattle. The lights twinkle and wink beneath Christian’s castle in the sky, or should I say fortress? I press my forehead against the cool window—it’s a relief. I have so much to think about after all the revelations of yesterday. I place my
back against the glass and slide down onto the floor. The great room is cavernous in the dark, the only light coming from the three lamps above the kitchen island. Could I live here, married to Christian? After all that he’s done here? All the history this place holds for him? Marriage. It’s almost unbelievable and completely unexpected. But then everything about Christian is unexpected. My lips quirk up with irony. Christian Grey, expect the unexpected—Fifty Shades of FuckedUp. My smile fades. I look like his mother. This wounds me, deeply, and the air leaves my lungs in a rush. We all look like his mom. How the hell do I move on from the disclosure of that little secret? No wonder he didn’t want to tell me. But surely he can’t remember much of his mother. I wonder once more, if I should talk to Dr. Flynn. Would Christian let me? Perhaps he could fill in the gaps. I shake my head. I feel world weary, but I’m enjoying the calm serenity of the great room and its beautiful works of art—cold and austere, but in their own way, still beautiful in the shadows and surely worth a fortune. Could I live here? For better, for worse? In sickness and in health? I close my eyes, lean my head back against the glass, and take a deep, cleansing breath. The peaceful tranquility is shattered by a visceral, primeval cry that makes every single hair on my body stand to attention. Christian! Holy fuck—what’s happened? I am on my feet, running back to the bedroom before the echoes of that horrible sound have died away, my heart thumping with fear. I flip one of the light switches, and Christian’s bedside light comes to life. He’s tossing and turning, writhing in agony. No! He cries out again, and the eerie, devastating sound lances through me anew. Shit—a nightmare! “Christian!” I lean over him, grab his shoulders, and shake him awake. He opens his eyes, and they are wild and vacant, scanning quickly round the empty room before coming back to rest on me. “You left, you left, you must have left,” he mumbles—his wide-eyed stare becoming accusatory—and he looks so lost, it wrenches at my heart. Poor Fifty. “I’m here.” I sit down on the bed beside him. “I’m here,” I murmur softly in an effort to reassure him. I reach out to place my palm on the side of his face, trying to soothe him. “You were gone,” he whispers rapidly. His eyes are still wild and frightened, but he seems to be calming. “I went to get a drink. I was thirsty.” He closes his eyes and rubs his face. When he opens them again, he looks so desolate.
“You’re here. Oh, thank God.” He reaches for me, and grabbing me tightly, he pulls me down on the bed beside him. “I just went for a drink,” I murmur. Oh, the intensity of his fear... I can feel it. His T-shirt is drenched in sweat, and his heartbeat is pounding as he hugs me close. He’s gazing at me as if reassuring himself that I am really here. I gently stroke his hair and then his cheek. “Christian, please. I’m here. I’m not going anywhere,” I say soothingly. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes. He grasps my chin to hold me in place, and then his mouth is on mine. Desire sweeps through him, and unbidden my body responds—it’s so tied and attuned to him. His lips are at my ear, my throat, then back at my mouth, his teeth gently pulling at my lower lip, his hand traveling up my body from my hip to my breast, dragging my T-shirt up. Caressing me, feeling his way through the dips and shallows of my skin, he elicits the same familiar reaction, his touch sending shivers through me. I moan as his hand cups my breast and his fingers tighten over my nipple. “I want you,” he murmurs. “I’m here for you. Only you, Christian.” He groans and kisses me once more, passionately, with a fervor and desperation I’ve not felt from him before. Grabbing the hem of his T-shirt, I tug and he helps me pull it off over his head. Kneeling between my legs, he hastily pulls me upright and drags my T-shirt off. His eyes are serious, wanting, full of dark secrets—exposed. He folds his hands around my face and kisses me, and we sink down into the bed once more, his thigh between both of mine so that he’s halflying on top of me. His erection is rigid against my hip through his boxer briefs. He wants me, but his words from earlier choose this moment to come back and haunt me, what he said about his mother. And it’s like a bucket of cold water on my libido. Fuck. I can’t do this. Not now. “Christian... Stop. I can’t do this,” I whisper urgently against his mouth, my hands pushing on his upper arms. “What? What’s wrong?” he murmurs and starts kissing my neck, running the tip of his tongue lightly down my throat. Oh... “No, please. I can’t do this, not now. I need some time, please.” “Oh, Ana, don’t overthink this,” he whispers as he nips my earlobe. “Ah!” I gasp, feeling it in my groin, and my body bows, betraying me. This is so confusing. “I am just the same, Ana. I love you and I need you. Touch me. Please.” He rubs his nose against mine, and his quiet heartfelt plea moves me and I melt.
Touch him. Touch him while we make love. Oh my. He rears up over me, gazing down, and in the half-light from the dimmed bedside light, I can tell that he’s waiting, waiting for my decision, and he’s caught in my spell. I reach up and tentatively place my hand on the soft patch of hair over his sternum. He gasps and scrunches his eyes closed as if in pain, but I don’t take my hand away this time. I move it up to his shoulders, feeling the tremor run through him. He groans, and I pull him down to me and place both my hands on his back, where I’ve never touched him before, on his shoulder blades, holding him to me. His strangled moan arouses me like nothing else. He buries his head in my neck, kissing and sucking and biting me, before trailing his nose up my chin and kissing me, his tongue possessing my mouth, his hands moving over my body once more. His lips move down... down... down to my breasts, worshipping as they go, and my hands stay on his shoulders and his back, enjoying the flex and ripple of his finely honed muscles, his skin still damp from his nightmare. His lips close over my nipple, pulling and tugging, so that it rises to greet his glorious skilled mouth. I groan and run my fingernails across his back. And he gasps, a strangled moan. “Oh, fuck, Ana,” he chokes, and it’s half cry, half groan. It tears at my heart, but also deep inside me, tightening all the muscles below my waist. Oh, what I can do to him! My inner goddess is writhing with want and I’m panting now, matching his tortured breaths with my own. His hand travels south, over my belly, down to my sex—and his fingers are on me, then in me. I groan as he moves his fingers around inside me, in that way, and I push my pelvis up to welcome his touch. “Ana,” he breathes. He suddenly releases me and sits up; he removes his boxer briefs and leans over to the bedside table to grab a foil packet. His eyes are a blazing gray as he passes me the condom. “You want to do this? You can still say no. You can always say no,” he murmurs. “Don’t give me a chance to think, Christian. I want you, too.” I rip the packet open with my teeth as he kneels between my legs, and with trembling fingers I slide it on to him. “Steady,” he says. “You are going to unman me, Ana.” I marvel at what I can do to this man with my touch. He stretches out over me, and for now my doubts are pushed down and locked away in the dark, scary depths at the back of my mind. I’m intoxicated with this man, my man, my Fifty Shades. He shifts suddenly, completely taking me by surprise, so I am on top. Whoa. “You—take me,” he murmurs, his eyes glowing with a feral intensity. Oh my, and slowly, oh-so-slowly, I sink down on to him. He tilts his head back and closes his eyes as he groans. I grab his hands and start to move, reveling in the fullness of my possession, reveling in his reaction, watching him unravel beneath me. I feel like a goddess. I lean down and kiss his chin, running my teeth along his stubbled jaw. He tastes delicious. He clasps my hips and steadies my rhythm, slow and easy.
“Ana, touch me... please.” Oh. I lean forward and steady myself with my hands on his chest. And he calls out, his cry almost a sob, and he thrusts deep inside me. “Ahh,” I whimper and run my fingernails gently over his chest, through the hair there, and he groans loudly and twists abruptly so I am once more beneath him. “Enough.” He moans. “No more, please.” And it’s a heartfelt plea. Reaching up, I clasp his face in my hands, feeling the dampness on his cheeks, and pull him down to my lips so that I can kiss him. I curl my hands around his back. He groans deep and low in his throat as he moves inside me, pushing me onward and upward, but I can’t find my release. My head is too cloudy, cloudy with issues. I am too wrapped up in him. “Let go, Ana,” he urges me. “No.” “Yes,” he snarls. He shifts slightly and gyrates his hips, again and again. Jeez... argh! “Come on baby, I need this. Give it to me.” And I explode, my body a slave to his, and wrap myself around him, clinging to him like a vine as he cries out my name, and climaxes with me, then collapses, his full weight pressing me into the mattress. I cradle Christian in my arms, his head on my chest, as we lie in the afterglow of our lovemaking. I run my fingers through his hair as I listen to his breathing return to normal. “Don’t ever leave me,” he whispers, and I roll my eyes in the full knowledge that he can’t see me. “I know you’re rolling your eyes at me,” he murmurs, and I hear the trace of humor in his voice. “You know me well,” I murmur. “I’d like to know you better.” “Back at you, Grey. What was your nightmare about?” “The usual.” “Tell me.”
He swallows and tenses before he sighs, a long drawn-out sigh. “I must be about three, and the crack whore’s pimp is mad as hell again. He smokes and smokes, one cigarette after another, and he can’t find an ashtray.” He stops, and I freeze as a creeping chill grips my heart. “It hurt,” he says, “It’s the pain I remember. That’s what gives me nightmares. That and the fact that she did nothing to stop him.” Oh no. This is unbearable. I tighten my grip around him, my legs and arms holding him to me, and I try not to let my despair choke me. How could anyone treat a child like that? He raises his head and pins me with his intense gray gaze. “You’re not like her. Don’t ever think that. Please.” I blink back at him. It’s very reassuring to hear. He puts his head on my chest again, and I think he’s finished, but he surprises me by continuing. “Sometimes in the dreams she’s just lying on the floor. And I think she’s asleep. But she doesn’t move. She never moves. And I’m hungry. Really hungry.” Oh fuck. “There’s a loud noise and he’s back, and he hits me so hard, cursing the crack whore. His first reaction was always to use his fists or his belt.” “Is that why you don’t like to be touched?” He closes his eyes and hugs me tighter. “That’s complicated,” he murmurs. He nuzzles me between my breasts, inhaling deeply, trying to distract me. “Tell me,” I prompt. He sighs. “She didn’t love me. I didn’t love me. The only touch I knew was... harsh. It stemmed from there. Flynn explains it better than I can.” “Can I see Flynn?” He raises his head to look at me. “Fifty Shades rubbing off on you?” “And then some. I like how it’s rubbing off at the moment.” I wriggle provocatively underneath him and he smiles. “Yes, Miss Steele, I like that, too.” He leans up and kisses me. He gazes at me for a moment. “You are so precious to me, Ana. I was serious about marrying you. We can get to know each other then. I can look after you. You can look after me. We can have kids if you want. I will lay my world at your feet, Anastasia. I want you, body and soul, forever. Please think about it.”
“I will think about it, Christian. I will,” I reassure him, reeling once more. Kids? Jeez. “I’d really like to talk to Dr. Flynn, though, if you don’t mind.” “Anything for you, baby. Anything. When would you like to see him?” “Sooner rather than later.” “Okay. I’ll make the arrangements in the morning.” He glances at the clock. “It’s late. We should sleep.” He shifts to switch off his bedside light and pulls me against him. I glance at the alarm clock. Crap, it’s three forty-five. He curls his arms around me, his front to my back, and nuzzles my neck. “I love you, Ana Steele, and I want you by my side, always,” he murmurs as he kisses my neck. “Now go to sleep.” I close my eyes. Reluctantly, I open my heavy eyelids and bright light fills the room. I groan. I feel cloudy, disconnected from my leaden limbs, and Christian is wrapped around me like ivy. I’m too warm as per usual. Surely it’s just five in the morning. The alarm has not gone off yet. I stretch out to free myself from his heat, turning in his arms, and he mumbles something unintelligible in his sleep. I glance at the clock. Eight forty-five. Shit, I’m going to be late. Fuck. I scramble out of bed and dash to the bathroom. I am showered and out within four minutes. Christian sits up in bed watching me with ill-concealed amusement coupled with wariness as I continue to dry myself while gathering my clothes. Perhaps he’s waiting for me to react to yesterday’s revelations. Right now, I just don’t have time. I check my clothes—black slacks, black shirt—all a bit Mrs. R, but I don’t have a second to change my mind. I hastily don black bra and panties, conscious that he’s watching my every move. It’s... unnerving. The panties and bra will do. “You look good,” Christian purrs from the bed. “You can call in sick, you know.” He gives me his devastating, lopsided, one hundred and fifty percent panty-busting smile. Oh, he’s so tempting. My inner goddess pouts provocatively at me. “No, Christian, I can’t. I am not a megalomaniac CEO with a beautiful smile who can come and go as he pleases.” “I like to come as I please.” He smirks and cranks his glorious smile up another notch so it’s in full hd imax. “Christian!” I scold. I throw my towel at him and he laughs. “Beautiful smile, huh?”
“Yes. You know the effect you have on me.” I put on my watch. “Do I?” he blinks innocently. “Yes, you do. The same effect you have on all women. Gets really tiresome watching them all swoon.” “Does it?” He cocks his eyebrow at me, more amused. “Don’t play the innocent, Mr. Grey, it really doesn’t suit you,” I mutter distractedly as I scoop my hair into a ponytail and pull on my black high-heeled shoes. There, that will do. When I bend to kiss him good-bye, he grabs me and pulls me down onto the bed, leaning over me and smiling from ear to ear. Oh my. He’s so beautiful—eyes bright with mischief, floppy just-fucked-again hair, that dazzling smile. Nowhe’s playful. I’m tired, still reeling from all the disclosures of yesterday, while he’s bright as a button and sexy as fuck. Oh, exasperating Fifty. “What can I do to tempt you to stay?” he says softly, and my heart skips a beat and begins to pound. He is temptation personified. “You can’t,” I grumble, struggling to sit back up. “Let me go.” He pouts and I give up. Grinning, I trace my fingers over his sculptured lips—my Fifty Shades. I love him so in all his monumental fuckedupness. I haven’t even begun to process yesterday’s events and how I feel about them. I lean up to kiss him, thankful that I have brushed my teeth. He kisses me long and hard and then swiftly sets me on my feet, leaving me dazed, breathless, and slightly wobbly. “Taylor will take you. Quicker than finding somewhere to park. He’s waiting outside the building,” Christian says kindly, and he seems relieved. Is he worried about my reaction this morning? Surely last night—er, this morning—proved that I am not going to run. “Okay. Thank you,” I mutter, disappointed that I am upright on my feet, confused by his hesitancy, and vaguely irritated that once again I won’t be driving my Saab. But he’s right, of course—it will be quicker with Taylor. “Enjoy your lazy morning, Mr. Grey. I wish I could stay, but the man who owns the company I work for would not approve of his staff ditching just for hot sex.” I grab my purse. “Personally, Miss Steele, I have no doubt that he would approve. In fact he might insist on it.” “Why are you staying in bed? It’s not like you.” He folds his hands behind his head and grins at me.
“Because I can, Miss Steele.” I shake my head at him. “Laters, baby.” I blow him a kiss, and I am out of the door. Taylor is waiting for me, and he seems to understand that I am late because he drives like a bat out of hell to get me to work by nine fifteen. I am grateful when he pulls up at the curb—grateful to be alive– his driving was scary. And grateful that I am not hideously late—only fifteen minutes. “Thank you, Taylor,” I mutter, ashen-faced. I remember Christian telling me he drove tanks; maybe he drives for nascar, too. “Ana.” He nods a farewell, and I dash into my office, realizing as I open the door to reception that Taylor seems to have overcome the Miss Steele formality. It makes me smile. Claire grins at me as I rush through reception and make my way to my desk. “Ana!” Jack calls me. “Get in here.” Oh shit. “What time do you call this?” he snaps. “I’m sorry. I overslept.” I flush crimson. “Don’t let it happen again. Fix me some coffee, and then I need you to do some letters. Jump to it,” he shouts, making me flinch. Why’s he so mad? What’s his problem? What have I done? I hurry to the kitchen to fix his coffee. Maybe I should have ditched. I could be... well, doing something hot with Christian, or having breakfast with him, or just talking—that would be novel. Jack barely acknowledges my presence when I venture back into his office to deliver his coffee. He thrusts a sheet of paper at me—it’s handwritten in a barely legible scrawl. “Type this up, have me sign, then copy and mail it to all our authors.” “Yes, Jack.” He doesn’t look up as I leave. Boy, is he mad. It is with some relief that I finally sit down at my desk. I take a sip of tea as I wait for my computer to boot up. I check my e-mails. From: Christian Grey
Subject:Missing you Date:June 15, 2011 09:05 To:Anastasia Steele Please use your Blackberry. x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:All Right for Some Date:June 15, 2011 09:27 To:Christian Grey My boss is mad. I blame you for keeping me up late with your... shenanigans. You should be ashamed of yourself. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:Shenaniwhatagans? Date:June 15, 2011 09:32 To:Anastasia Steele You don’t have to work, Anastasia. You have no idea how appalled I am at my shenanigans. But I like keeping you up late ;) Please use your Blackberry. Oh, and marry me, please.
Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Living to make Date:June 15, 2011 09:35 To:Christian Grey I know your natural inclination is toward nagging, but just stop. I need to talk to your shrink. Only then will I give you my answer. I am not opposed to living in sin. Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:BLACKBERRY Date:June 15, 2011 09:40 To:Anastasia Steele Anastasia, if you are going to start discussing Dr. Flynn then USE YOUR BLACKBERRY. This is not a request. Christian Grey, Now Pissed CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh shit. Nowhe’smad at me, too. Well, he can stew for all I care. I take my Blackberry out of my purse and eye it with skepticism. As I do, it starts ringing. Can’t he leave me alone? “Yes,” I snap. “Ana, hi—” “José! How are you?” Oh, it’s good to hear his voice.
“I’m fine, Ana. Look, are you still seeing that Grey guy?” “Er—yes... Why?” Where is he going with this? “Well, he’s bought all your photos, and I thought I could deliver them up to Seattle. The exhibition closes Thursday, so I could bring them up Friday evening and drop them off, you know. And maybe we could catch a drink or something. Actually, I was hoping for a place to crash, too.” “José, that’s cool. Yeah, I’m sure we could work something out. Let me talk to Christian and call you back, okay?” “Cool, I’ll wait to hear from you. Bye, Ana.” “Bye.” And he’s gone. Holy cow. I haven’t seen or heard from José since his show. I didn’t even ask him how it went or if he sold any more pictures. Some friend I am. So, I could spend the evening with José on Friday. How will Christian like that? I become aware that I am biting my lip till it hurts. Oh, that man has double standards. He can—I shudder at the thought—bathe his batshit ex-lover, but I will probably get a truckload of grief for wanting to have a drink with José. How am I going to handle this? “Ana!” Jack pulls me abruptly out of my reverie. Is he still mad? “Where’s that letter?” “Er—coming.” Shit. What is eating him? I type up his letter in double-quick time, print it out, and nervously make my way into his office. “Here you go.” I place it on his desk and turn to leave. Jack quickly casts his critical, piercing, eyes over it. “I don’t know what you’re doing out there, but I pay you to work,” he barks. “I’m aware of that, Jack,” I mutter apologetically. I feel a slow flush creep up my skin. “This is full of mistakes,” he snaps. “Do it again.” Fuck. He’s beginning to sound like someone I know, but rudeness from Christian I can tolerate. Jack is beginning to piss me off. “And get me another coffee while you’re at it.” “Sorry,” I whisper and scurry out of his office as quickly as I can. Holy fuck. He’s being unbearable. I sit back down at my desk, hastily redo his letter, which had two mistakes in it, and check it thoroughly before printing. Now it’s perfect. I fetch him another coffee,
letting Claire know with a roll of my eyes that I am in deep doo-doo. Taking a deep breath, I approach his office again. “Better,” he mumbles reluctantly as he signs the letter. “Photocopy it, file the original, and mail out to all authors. Understand?” “Yes.” I am not an idiot. “Jack, is there something wrong?” He glances up, his blue eyes darkening as his gaze runs up and down my body. My blood chills. “No.” His answer is concise, rude, and dismissive. I stand there like the idiot I professed not to be and then shuffle back out of his office. Perhaps he too suffers from a personality disorder. Sheesh, I’m surrounded by them. I make my way to the photocopier—which of course is suffering from a paper jam—and when I’ve fixed it, I find it’s out of paper. This is not my day. When I am finally back at my desk, stuffing envelopes, my Blackberry buzzes. I can see through the glass wall that Jack is on the phone. I answer—it’s Ethan. “Hi, Ana. How’d it go last night?” Last night. A quick montage of images flashes through my mind—Christian kneeling, his revelation, his proposal, macaroniandcheese, my weeping, his nightmare, the sex, touching him... “Eh... fine,” I mutter unconvincingly. Ethan pauses and decides to collude in my denial. “Cool. Can I collect the keys?” “Sure.” “I’ll be over in about half an hour. Will you have time to grab a coffee?” “Not today. I was late getting in, and my boss is like an angry bear with a sore head and poison ivy up his ass.” “Sounds nasty.” “Nasty and ugly.” I giggle. Ethan laughs and my mood lifts a little. “Okay. See you in thirty.” He hangs up. I glance up at Jack and he’s staring at me. Oh shit. I studiously ignore him and continue to stuff envelopes. Half an hour later my phone buzzes. It’s Claire. “He’s here again, in reception. The blond god.” Ethan is a joy to see after all the angst of yesterday and the bad temper my boss is inflicting on me today, but all too soon, he’s saying his good-byes.
“Will I see you this evening?” “I’ll probably stay with Christian.” I flush. “You have got it bad,” Ethan observes good-naturedly. I shrug. That’s not the half of it, and in that moment I realize, I have it more than bad. I have it for life. And amazingly, Christian seems to feel the same. Ethan gives me a swift hug. “Laters, Ana.” I return to my desk, wrestling with my realization. Oh, what I would do for a day on my own, to just think all this through. “Where have you been?” Jack is suddenly looming over me. “I had some business to attend to in reception.” He is really getting on my nerves. “I want my lunch. The usual,” he says abruptly and stomps back into his office. Why didn’t I stay home with Christian? My inner goddess crosses her arms and purses her lips; she wants to know the answer to that one, too. Picking up my purse and my Blackberry, I head for the door. I check my messages. From:Christian Grey Subject:Missing you Date:June 15, 2011 09:06 To:Anastasia Steele My bed is too big without you. Looks like I’ll have to go to work after all. Even megalomaniac CEOs need something to do. x Christian Grey Twiddling His Thumbs CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. And there’s another from him, from earlier this morning.
From:Christian Grey Subject:Discretion Date:June 15, 2011 09:50 To:Anastasia Steele Is the better part of valor. Please use discretion... your work e-mails are monitored. HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU THIS? Yes. Shouty capitals as you say. USE YOUR BLACKBERRY. Dr. Flynn can see us tomorrow evening. x Christian Grey Still Pissed CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. And an even later one... Oh no. From:Christian Grey Subject:Crickets Date:June 15, 2011 12:15 To:Anastasia Steele I haven’t heard from you. Please tell me you are okay. You know how I worry. I will send Taylor to check! x Christian Grey, Over-Anxious CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I roll my eyes, and call him. I don’t want him to worry. “Christian Grey’s phone, Andrea Parker speaking.” Oh. I am so disconcerted that it’s not Christian who answers that it halts me in the street, and the young man behind me mutters angrily as he swerves to avoid bumping into me. I stand under the green awning of the deli. “Hello? Can I help you?” Andrea fills the void of awkward silence.
“Sorry... Er... I was hoping to speak to Christian—” “Mr. Grey is in a meeting at the moment.” She bristles with efficiency. “Can I take a message?” “Can you tell him Ana called?” “Ana? As in Anastasia Steele?” “Er... Yes.” Her question confuses me. “Hold one second please, Miss Steele.” I listen attentively as she puts the phone down, but I can’t tell what’s going on. A few seconds later Christian is on the line. “Are you okay?” “Yes, I’m fine.” I hear the quick release of his held breath. He’s relieved. “Christian, why wouldn’t I be okay?” I whisper reassuringly. “You’re normally so quick at responding to my e-mails. After what I told you yesterday, I was worried,” he says quietly, and then he’s talking to someone in his office. “No, Andrea. Tell them to wait,” he says sternly. Oh, I know that tone of voice. I can’t hear Andrea’s response. “No. I said wait,” he snaps. “Christian, you’re obviously busy. I only called to let you know that I’m okay, and I mean that—just very busy today. Jack has been cracking the whip. Er... I mean...” I flush and fall silent. Christian says nothing for a moment. “Cracking the whip, eh? Well, there was a time when I would have called him a lucky man.” His voice is full of dry humor. “Don’t let him get on top of you, baby.” “Christian!” I scold him and I know he’s grinning. “Just watch him, that’s all. Look, I’m glad you’re okay. What time shall I collect you?” “I’ll e-mail you.” “From your Blackberry,” he says sternly. “Yes, Sir,” I snap back.
“Laters, baby.” “Bye...” He’s still hanging on. “Hang up,” I scold, smiling. He sighs heavily down the phone. “I wish you’d never gone to work this morning.” “Me, too. But I am busy. Hang up.” “You hang up.” I hear his smile. Oh, playful Christian. I love playful Christian. Hmm... I love Christian, period. “We’ve been here before.” “You’re biting your lip.” Shit, he’s right. How does he know? “You see, you think I don’t know you, Anastasia. But I know you better than you think,” he murmurs seductively in that way that makes me weak, and wet. “Christian, I’ll talk to you later. Right now, I really wish I hadn’t left this morning, too.” “I’ll wait for your e-mail, Miss Steele.” “Good day, Mr. Grey.” Hanging up, I lean against the cold, hard glass of the deli store window. Oh my, even on the phone he owns me. Shaking my head to clear it of all thoughts Grey, I head into the deli, depressed by all thoughts Jack. He is scowling when I get back. “Is it okay if I take my lunch now?” I ask tentatively. He gazes up at me and his scowl deepens. “If you must,” he snaps. “Forty-five minutes. Make up the time you lost this morning.” “Jack, can I ask you something?” “What?” “You seem, kind of out of sorts today. Have I done something to offend you?”
He blinks at me momentarily. “I don’t think I’m in the mood to list your misdemeanors right now. I’m busy.” He continues to stare at his computer screen, effectively dismissing me. Whoa... What have I done? I turn and leave his office, and for a moment I think I’m going to cry. Why has he taken such a sudden and intense dislike to me? A very unwelcome idea pops into my head, but I ignore it. I don’t need his shit right now—I have enough of my own. I head out of the building to the nearby Starbucks, order a latte, and sit down in the window. Taking my iPod from my purse, I plug my headphones in. I choose a song haphazardly and press repeat so it will play over and over again. I need music to think by. My mind drifts. Christian the sadist. Christian the submissive. Christian the untouchable. Christian’s oedipal impulses. Christian bathing Leila. I groan and close my eyes while that last image haunts me. Can I really marry this man? He’s so much to take in. He’s complex and difficult, but deep down I know I don’t want to leave him despite all his issues. I could never leave him. I love him. It would be like cutting off my right arm. Right now, I have never felt so alive, so vital. I’ve encountered all manner of perplexing, profound feelings and new experiences since I met him. It’s never a dull moment with Fifty. Looking back on my life before Christian, it’s as if everything was in black and white like José’s pictures. Now my whole world is in rich, bright, saturated color. I am soaring in a beam of dazzling light, Christian’s dazzling light. I am still Icarus, flying too close to his sun. I snort to myself. Flying with Christian—who can resist a man who can fly? Can I give him up? Do I want to give him up? It’s as if he’s flipped a switch and lit me up from within. It’s been an education knowing him. I have discovered more about myself in the last few weeks than ever before. I’ve learned about my body, my hard limits, my soft limits, my tolerance, my patience, my compassion, and my capacity for love. And it strikes me like a thunderbolt—that’s what he needs from me, what he’s entitled to— unconditional love. He never received it from the crack whore—it’s what he needs. Can I love him unconditionally? Can I accept him for who he is regardless of his revelations last night? I know he’s damaged, but I don’t think he’s irredeemable. I sigh, recalling Taylor’s words. “He’s a good man, Miss Steele.” I’ve seen the weighty evidence of his goodness—his charity work, his business ethics, his generosity— and yet he doesn’t see it in himself. He doesn’t feel deserving of any love. Given his history and his predilections, I have an inkling of his self-loathing—that’s why he’s never let anyone in. Can I get past this?
He said once that I couldn’t begin to understand the depths of his depravity. Well, he’s told me now, and given the first few years of his life, it doesn’t surprise me. Though it was still a shock to hear it out loud. At least he’s told me—and he seems happier now that he has. I know everything. Does it devalue his love for me? No, I don’t think so. He’s never felt this way before and neither have I. In truth we’ve both come so far. Tears prick and pool in my eyes as I recall his final barriers crumbling last night when he let me touch him. Jeez, it took Leila and all her crazy to get us to there. Perhaps I should be grateful. The fact that he bathed her is not quite such a bitter taste on my tongue now. I wonder which clothes he gave her. I hope it wasn’t the plum dress. I liked that. So can I love this man with all his issues unconditionally? Because he deserves nothing less. He still needs to learn boundaries and little things like empathy, and to be less controlling. He says he no longer feels the compulsion to hurt me; perhaps Dr. Flynn will be able to cast some light on that. Fundamentally, that’s what concerns me most—that he needs that and has always found like-minded women who need it, too. I frown. Yes, this is the reassurance I need. I want to be all things to this man, his Alpha and his Omega and all things in between because he is to me. I hope Flynn will have the answers, and maybe then I can say yes. Christian and I can find our own slice of heaven close to the sun. I gaze out at bustling, lunchtime Seattle. Mrs. Christian Grey—who would have thought? I glance at my watch. Shit! I leap up from my seat and dash to the door—a whole hour of just sitting—where did the time go? Jack is going to go ballistic! I slink back to my desk. Fortunately, he’s not in his office. It looks like I’ve got away with it. I gaze intently at my computer screen, unseeing, trying to reassemble my thoughts into work mode. “Where were you?” I jump. Jack is standing, arms folded, behind me. “I was in the basement, photocopying,” I lie. Jack lips press into a thin, uncompromising line. “I’m leaving for my plane at six thirty. I need you to stay until then.” “Okay.” I smile as sweetly as I can manage. “I’d like my itinerary for New York printed out and photocopied ten times. And get the brochures packaged up. And get me some coffee!” he snarls and stalks into his office. I breathe a sigh of relief and stick my tongue out at him as he closes the door. Bastard. At four o’clock, Claire rings from reception.
“I have Mia Grey for you.” Mia? I hope she doesn’t want to hang at the mall. “Hi, Mia!” “Ana, hi. How are you?” Her excitement is stifling. “Good. Busy today. You?” “I am so bored! I need to find something to do, so I’m arranging a birthday party for Christian.” Christian’s birthday? Jeez, I had no idea. “When is it?” “I knew it. I knew he wouldn’t tell you. It’s on Saturday. Mom and Dad want everyone over for a meal to celebrate. I’m officially inviting you.” “Oh, that’s lovely. Thank you, Mia.” “I’ve already called Christian and told him, and he gave me your number here.” “Cool.” My mind is in a flat spin—what the hell am I going to get Christian for his birthday? What do you buy the man who has everything? “And maybe next week, we can go out one lunchtime?” “Sure. How about tomorrow? My boss is away in New York.” “Oh, that would be cool, Ana. What time?” “Say, twelve forty-five?” “I’ll be there. Bye, Ana.” “Bye.” I hang up. Christian. Birthday. What on earth should I get him? From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Antediluvian Date:June 15, 2011 16:11 To:Christian Grey
Dear Mr. Grey When, exactly, were you going to tell me? What shall I get myoldman for his birthday? Perhaps some new batteries for his hearing aid? Ax Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP From:Christian Grey Subject:Prehistoric Date:June 15, 2011 16:20 To:Anastasia Steele Don’t mock the elderly. Glad you are alive and kicking. And that Mia has been in touch. Batteries are always useful. I don’t like celebrating my birthday. x Christian Grey, Deaf as a Post CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Hmmm. Date:June 15, 2011 16:24 To:Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I can imagine you pouting as you wrote that last sentence. That does things to me. A xox Anastasia Steele Assistant to Jack Hyde, Commissioning Editor, SIP
From:Christian Grey Subject:Rolling Eyes Date:June 15, 2011 16:29 To:Anastasia Steele Miss Steele WILL YOU USE YOUR BLACKBERRY!!! x Christian Grey Twitchy Palmed, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I roll my eyes. Why is he so touchy about e-mails? From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Inspiration Date:June 15, 2011 16:33 To:Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey Ah... your twitchy palms can’t stay still for long, can they? I wonder what Dr. Flynn would say about that? But now I know what to give you for your birthday—and I hope it makes me sore... ;) Ax From:Christian Grey Subject:Angina Date:June 15, 2011 16:38 To:Anastasia Steele
Miss Steele I don’t think my heart could stand the strain of another e-mail like that, or my pants for that matter. Behave. x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From:Anastasia Steele Subject:Trying Date:June 15, 2011 16:42 To:Christian Grey Christian I am trying to work for my very trying boss. Please stop bothering me and being trying yourself. Your last e-mail nearly made me combust. x PS: Can you collect me at 6:30? From:Christian Grey Subject:I’ll Be There Date:June 15, 2011 16:38 To:Anastasia Steele Nothing would give me greater pleasure. Actually, I can think of any of number of things that would give me greater pleasure, and they all involve you. x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I flush reading his response and shake my head. E-mail banter is all well and good, but we really need to talk. Perhaps once we’ve seen Flynn. I put my Blackberry down and finish my petty cash reconciliation.
By six fifteen, the office is deserted. I have everything ready for Jack. His cab to the airport is booked, and I just have to hand him his documents. I glance anxiously through the glass, but he’s still deep in his telephone call, and I don’t want to interrupt him—not in the mood he’s in today. As I wait for him to finish, it occurs to me that I have not eaten today. Oh shit, that’s not going to go down well with Fifty. I quickly skip down to the kitchen to see if there are any cookies left. As I’m opening the communal cookie jar, Jack appears unexpectedly in the kitchen doorway, startling me. Oh. What’s he doing here? He stares at me. “Well, Ana, I think this might be a good time to discuss your misdemeanors.” He steps in, closing the door behind him, and my mouth instantly dries as alarm bells ring loud and piercing in my head. Ohfuck. His lips twitch into a grotesque smile, and his eyes gleam a deep, dark cobalt. “At last, I have you on your own,” he says, and he slowly licks his lower lip. What? “Now... are you going to be a good girl and listen very carefully to what I say?” Jack’s eyes flash the darkest blue, and he sneers as he casts a leering look down my body.
Fear chokes me. What is this? What does he want? From somewhere deep inside and despite my dry mouth, I find the resolve and courage to squeeze out some words, my self-defense class keep-themtalking mantra circling my brain like an ethereal sentinel. “Jack, now might not be a good time for this. Your cab is due in ten minutes, and I need to give you all your documents.” My voice is quiet but hoarse, betraying me. He smiles, and it’s a despotic fuck-you smile that finally touches his eyes. They glint in the harsh fluorescent glow of the strip light above us in the drab windowless room. He takes a step toward me, glaring at me, his eyes never leaving mine. His pupils are dilating as I watch—the black eclipsing the blue. Oh no. My fear escalates. “You know I had to fight with Elizabeth to give you this job...” His voice trails off as he takes another step toward me, and I step back against the dingy wall cupboards. Keep-him-talking, keep-him-talking, keephim-talking. “Jack, what exactly is your problem? If you want to air your grievances, then perhaps we should ask HR to get involved. We could do this with Elizabeth in a more formal setting.” Where is security? Are they in the building yet? “We don’t need HR to overmanage this situation Ana,” he sneers. “When I hired you, I thought you would be a hard worker. I thought you had potential. But now, I don’t know. You’ve become distracted and sloppy. And I wondered... is it your boyfriend who’s leading you astray?” He says boyfriend with chilling contempt. “I decided to check through your e-mail account to see if I could find any clues. And you know what I found, Ana? What was out of place? The only personal e-mails in your account were toyour hot-shot boyfriend.” He pauses, assessing my reaction. “And I got to thinking... where are the e-mailsfromhim? There are none. Nada. Nothing. So what’s going on, Ana? How come his e-mails to you aren’t on our system? Are you some company spy, planted in here by Grey’s organization? Isthatwhat this is?” Holy shit, the e-mails. Oh no. What have I said? “Jack, what are you talking about?” I try for bewildered, and I’m pretty convincing. This conversation is not going as I expected, but I don’t trust him in the slightest. Some subliminal pheromone that Jack is exuding has me on high alert. This man is angry, volatile, and totally unpredictable. I try to reason with him. “You just said that you had to persuade Elizabeth to hire me. So how could I be planted as a spy? Make up your mind, Jack.” “But Grey fucked the New York trip, didn’t he?” Oh shit. “How did he manage that, Ana? What did your rich, Ivy League boyfriend do?”
What little blood remains in my face drains away, and I think I’m going to faint. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, Jack,” I whisper. “Your cab will be here shortly. Shall I fetch your things?”Oh please, let me go. Stop this. Jack continues, enjoying my discomfort. “And he thinks I’d make a pass at you?” He smirks and his eyes heat. “Well, I want you to think about something while I’m in New York. I gave you this job, and I expect you to show me some gratitude. In fact, I’m entitled to it. I had to fight to get you. Elizabeth wanted someone better qualified, but I—I saw something in you. So, we need to work out a deal. A deal where you keep me happy. D’you understand what I’m saying, Ana?” Fuck! “Look at it as refining your job description, if you like. And if you keep me happy, I won’t dig any further into how your boyfriend is pulling strings, milking his contacts, or cashing in some favor from one of his Ivy League frat-boy sycophants.” My mouth drops open. He’sblackmailingme. For sex! And what can I say? News of Christian’s takeover is embargoed for another three weeks. I can barely believe this. Sex—with me! Jack moves closer until he’s standing right in front of me, staring down into my eyes. His cloying sweet cologne invades my nostrils—it’s nauseating—and if I’m not mistaken, the bitter stench of alcohol is on his breath. Fuck, he’s been drinking... when? “You are such a tight-assed, cock-blocking, prick tease, you know, Ana,” he whispers through clenched teeth. What? Prick tease... Me? “Jack, I have no idea what you’re talking about,” I whisper, as I feel the adrenaline surge through my body. He’s closer now. I am waiting to make my move. Ray will be proud. Ray taught me what to do. Ray knows his self-defense. If Jack touches me—if he even breathes too close to me—I will take him down. My breath is shallow. I must not faint, I must not faint. “Look at you.” He gives me a leering look. “You’re so turned on, I can tell. You’ve really led me on. Deep down you want it. I know.” Holy fuck. The man is completely delusional. My fear rises to defcon one, threatening to overwhelm me. “No, Jack. I have never led you on.” “You have, you prick-teasing bitch. I can read the signs.” Reaching up, he gently strokes my face with the back of his knuckles, down to my chin. His index finger strokes my throat, and my heart leaps into my mouth as I fight my gag reflex. He reaches the dip at the base of my neck, where the top button of my black shirt is open, and presses his hand against my chest. “You want me. Admit it, Ana.”
Keeping my eyes firmly fixed on his and concentrating on what I have to do—rather than my mushrooming revulsion and dread—I place my hand gently over his in a caress. He smiles in triumph. I grab his little finger, and twist it back, pulling it sharply down backward to his hip. “Arrgh!” he cries out in pain and surprise, and as he leans off balance, I bring my knee, swift and hard, up into his groin, and make perfect contact with my goal. I dodge deftly to my left as his knees buckle, and he collapses with a groan onto the kitchen floor, grasping himself between his legs. “Don’t you ever touch me again,” I snarl at him. “Your itinerary and the brochures are packaged on my desk. I am going home now. Have a nice trip. And in the future, get your own damn coffee.” “You fucking bitch!” he half screams, half groans at me, but I am already out the door. I run full pelt to my desk, grab my jacket and my purse, and dash to front reception, ignoring the moans and curses emanating from the bastard still prostrate on the kitchen floor. I burst out of the building and stop for a moment as the cool air hits my face, take a deep breath, and compose myself. But I haven’t eaten all day, and as the very unwelcome surge of adrenaline recedes, my legs give out beneath me and I sink to the ground. I watch with mild detachment the slow motion movie that plays out in front of me: Christian and Taylor in dark suits and white shirts, leaping out of the waiting car and running toward me. Christian sinks to his knees at my side, and on some unconscious level, all I can think is: He’s here. My love is here. “Ana, Ana! What’s wrong?” He scoops me into his lap, running his hands up and down my arms, checking for any signs of injury. Grabbing my head between his hands, he stares with wide, terrified, gray eyes into mine. I sag against him, suddenly overwhelmed with relief and fatigue. Oh, Christian’s arms. There is no place I’d rather be. “Ana.” He shakes me gently. “What’s wrong? Are you sick?” I shake my head as I realize I need to start communicating. “Jack,” I whisper, and I sense rather than see Christian’s swift glance at Taylor, who abruptly disappears into the building. “Fuck!” Christian enfolds me in his arms. “What did that sleazeball do to you?” And from somewhere just the right side of crazy, a giggle bubbles in my throat. I recall Jack’s utter shock as I grabbed his finger. “It’s whatIdid tohim.” I start giggling and I can’t stop. “Ana!” Christian shakes me again, and my giggling fit ceases. “Did he touch you?” “Only once.”
I feel Christian’s muscles bunch and tense as rage sweeps through him, and he stands up swiftly, powerfully—rock steady—with me in his arms. He’s furious. No! “Where is that fucker?” From inside the building we hear muffled shouting. Christian sets me on my feet. “Can you stand?” I nod. “Don’t go in. Don’t, Christian.” Suddenly my fear is back, fear of what Christian will do to Jack. “Get in the car,” he barks at me. “Christian, no.” I grab his arm. “Get in the goddamned car, Ana.” He shakes me off. “No! Please!” I plead with him. “Stay. Don’t leave me on my own.” I deploy my ultimate weapon. Seething, Christian runs his hand through his hair and glares down at me, clearly wracked with indecision. The shouting inside the building escalates, and then stops suddenly. Oh, no. What has Taylor done? Christian fishes out his Blackberry. “Christian, he has my e-mails.” “What?” “My e-mails to you. He wanted to know where your e-mails to me were. He was trying to blackmail me.” Christian’s look is murderous. Oh shit. “Fuck!” he splutters and narrows his eyes at me. He punches a number into his Blackberry. Oh no. I’m in trouble. Who’s he calling? “Barney. Grey. I need you to access the SIP main server and wipe all Anastasia Steele’s e-mails to me. Then access the personal data files of Jack Hyde and check they aren’t stored there. If they are, wipe them... Yes, all of them. Now. Let me know when it’s done.” He stabs the off button then dials another number. “Roach. Grey. Hyde—I want him out. Now. This minute. Call security. Get him to clear his desk immediately, or I will liquidate this company first thing in the morning. You already have all the
justification you need to give him his pink slip. Do you understand?” He listens for a moment and hangs up seemingly satisfied. “Blackberry,” he hisses at me through clenched teeth. “Please don’t be mad at me.” I blink up at him. “I am so mad at you right now,” he snarls and once more sweeps his hand through his hair. “Get in the car.” “Christian, please—” “Get in the fucking car, Anastasia, or so help me I’ll put you in there myself,” he threatens, his eyes blazing with fury. Oh shit. “Don’t do anything stupid, please,” I beg. “STUPID!” he explodes. “I told you to use your fucking Blackberry. Don’t talk to me about stupid. Get in the motherfucking car, Anastasia—NOW!” he snarls and a frisson of fear runs through me. This is Very Angry Christian. I’ve not seen him this mad before. He’s barely holding on to his self-control. “Okay,” I mutter, placating him. “But please, be careful.” Pressing his lips together in a hard line, he points angrily to the car, glaring at me. Jeez, okay, I get the message. “Please be careful. I don’t want anything to happen to you. It would kill me,” I murmur. He blinks rapidly and stills, lowering his arm while he takes a deep breath. “I’ll be careful,” he says, his eyes softening. Oh, thank the Lord. His eyes burn into me as I head to the car, open the front passenger door, and climb in. Once I’m safely in the comfort of the Audi, he disappears into the building, and my heart leaps again into my throat. What’s he planning to do? I sit and wait. And wait. And wait. Five eternal minutes. Jack’s cab pulls up in front of the Audi. Ten minutes. Fifteen. Jeez, what are they doing in there, and how is Taylor? The wait is agonizing. Twenty-five minutes later, Jack emerges from the building, clutching a cardboard storage box. Behind him is the security guard. Where was he earlier? And after them, Christian and Taylor. Jack looks sick. He heads straight for the cab, and I’m grateful for the Audi’s heavily tinted windows so he cannot see me. The cab drives off—presumably not to Sea-Tac—as Christian and Taylor reach the car. Opening the driver’s door, Christian slides smoothly into the seat, presumably because I am in the front, and Taylor gets in behind me. Neither of them says a word as Christian starts the car and pulls out into the traffic. I risk a quick glance at Fifty. His mouth is set in a firm line, but he seems distracted. The in-car phone rings.
“Grey,” Christian snaps. “Mr. Grey, Barney here.” “Barney, I’m on speaker phone, and there are others in the car,” Christian warns. “Sir, it’s all done. But I need to talk to you about what else I found on Mr. Hyde’s computer.” “I’ll call you when I reach my destination. And thanks, Barney.” “No problem, Mr. Grey.” Barney hangs up. He sounds much younger than I expected. What else is on Jack’s computer? “Are you talking to me?” I ask quietly. Christian glances at me, before fixing his eyes back on the road ahead, and I can tell he’s still mad. “No,” he mutters sullenly. Oh, there we go... how childish. I wrap my arms around myself and stare unseeing out the window. Perhaps I should just ask him to drop me off at my apartment, then he can “not talk” to me from the safety of Escala and save us both the inevitable quarrel. But even as I think it, I know I don’t want to leave him to brood, not after yesterday. Eventually, we pull up in front of his apartment building, and Christian climbs out of the car. Moving with easy grace around to my side, he opens my door. “Come,” he orders as Taylor clambers into the driver’s seat. I take his proffered hand and follow him through the grand foyer to the elevator. He doesn’t let go of me. “Christian, why are you so mad at me?” I whisper as we wait. “You know why,” he mutters as we step into the elevator, and he punches in the code to his floor. “God, if something had happened to you, he’d be dead by now.” Christian’s tone chills me to the bone. The doors close. “As it is, I’m going to ruin his career so he can’t take advantage of young women anymore, miserable excuse for a man that he is.” He shakes his head. “Jesus, Ana!” He grabs me suddenly, imprisoning me in the corner of the elevator. His hands fist in my hair as he pulls my face up to his, and his mouth is on mine, a passionate desperation in his kiss. I don’t know why this takes me by surprise, but it does. I taste his relief, his longing, and his residual anger while his tongue possesses my mouth. He stops, gazing down at me,
resting his weight against me so I can’t move. He leaves me breathless, clinging to him for support, staring up into that beautiful face etched with determination and without any trace of humor. “If anything had happened to you... If he’d harmed you...” I feel the shudder that runs through him. “Blackberry,” he commands quietly. “From now on. Understand?” I nod, swallowing, unable to break eye contact from his grim, mesmerizing look. He straightens, releasing me as the elevator comes to a stop. “He said you kicked him in the balls.” Christian’s tone is lighter with a trace of admiration, and I think I’m forgiven. “Yes,” I whisper, still reeling from the intensity of his kiss and his impassioned command. “Good.” “Ray is ex-army. He taught me well.” “I’m very glad he did,” he breathes and adds, arching a brow, “I’ll need to remember that.” Taking my hand, he leads me out of the elevator and I follow, relieved. I think that’s as bad as his mood is going to get. “I need to call Barney. I won’t be long.” He disappears into his study, leaving me stranded in the vast living room. Mrs. Jones is adding the finishing touches to our meal. I realize I am famished, but I need something to do. “Can I help?” I ask. She laughs. “No, Ana. Can I fix you a drink or something? You look beat.” “I’d love a glass of wine.” “White?” “Yes, please.” I perch on one of the bar stools, and she hands me a glass of chilled wine. I don’t know what it is, but it’s delicious and slides down easily, soothing my shattered nerves. What was I thinking about earlier today? How alive I have felt since I met Christian. How exciting my life has become. Jeez, could I just have a few boring days? What if I’d never met Christian? I’d be holed up in my apartment, talking it through with Ethan, completely freaked by my encounter with Jack, knowing I would have to face the sleazeball again on Friday. As it is, there’s every chance I’ll never set eyes on him again. But who will I work for now? I frown. I hadn’t thought of that. Shit, do I even have a job? “Evening, Gail,” Christian says as he comes back into the great room, dragging me from my thoughts. Heading straight to the fridge, he pours himself a glass of wine.
“Good evening, Mr. Grey. Dinner in ten, sir?” “Sounds good.” Christian raises his glass. “To ex-military men who train their daughters well,” he says and his eyes soften. “Cheers,” I mutter, raising my glass. “What’s wrong?” Christian asks. “I don’t know if I still have a job.” He cocks his head to the side. “Do you still want one?” “Of course.” “Then you still have one.” Simple. See? He is master of my universe. I roll my eyes at him and he smiles. Mrs. Jones makes a mean chicken potpie. She has left us to enjoy the fruits of her labors, and I feel much better now I’ve had something to eat. We are sitting at the breakfast bar, and despite my best cajoling, Christian won’t tell me what Barney has found on Jack’s computer. I drop the subject, and decide to tackle instead the thorny issue of José’s impending visit. “José called,” I say nonchalantly. “Oh?” Christian turns to face me. “He wants to deliver your photos on Friday.” “A personal delivery. How accommodating of him,” Christian mutters. “He wants to go out. For a drink. With me.” “I see.” “And Kate and Elliot should be back,” I add quickly. Christian puts his fork down, frowning at me. “What exactly are you asking?”
I bristle. “I’m not asking anything. I’m informing you of my plans for Friday. Look, I want to see José, and he wants to stay over. Either he stays here or he can stay at my place, but if he does I should be there, too.” Christian’s eyes widen. He looks dumbfounded. “He made a pass at you.” “Christian, that was weeks ago. He was drunk, I was drunk, you saved the day—it won’t happen again. He’s no Jack, for heaven’s sake.” “Ethan’s there. He can keep him company.” “He wants to see me, not Ethan.” Christian scowls at me. “He’s just a friend.” My voice is emphatic. “I don’t like it.” So what? Jeez, he’s irritating sometimes. I take a deep breath. “He’s my friend, Christian. I haven’t seen him since his show. And that was too brief. I know you don’t have any friends, apart from that god-awful woman, but I don’t moan about you seeing her,” I snap. Christian blinks, shocked. “I want to see him. I’ve been a poor friend to him.” My subconscious is alarmed. Are you stamping your little foot? Steady now! Gray eyes blaze at me. “Is that what you think?” he breathes. “Think about what?” “Elena. You’d rather I didn’t see her?” Holy cow. “Exactly. I’d rather you didn’t see her.” “Why didn’t you say?” “Because it’s not my place to say. You think she’s your only friend.” I shrug in exasperation. He really doesn’t get it. How did this turn into a conversation about her? I don’t even want to think about her. I try to steer us back to José. “Just as it’s not your place to say if I can or can’t see José. Don’t you see that?” Christian gazes at me, perplexed, I think. Oh, what is he thinking? “He can stay here, I suppose,” he mutters. “I can keep an eye on him.” He sounds petulant. Hallelujah!
“Thank you! You know, if I am going to live here, too...” I trail off. Christian nods. He knows what I’m trying to say. “It’s not like you haven’t got the space.” I smirk. His lips quirk up slowly. “Are you smirking at me, Miss Steele?” “Most definitely, Mr. Grey.” I get up just in case his palms start twitching, clear our plates, and then load them into the dishwasher. “Gail will do that.” “I’ve done it now.” I stand up and gaze at him. He’s watching me intently. “I have to work for a while,” he says apologetically. “Cool. I’ll find something to do.” “Come here,” he orders, but his voice is soft and seductive, his eyes heated. I don’t hesitate to walk into his arms, clasping him around his neck as he perches on his bar stool. He wraps his arms around me, crushes me to him, and just holds me. “Are you okay?” he whispers into my hair. “Okay?” “After what happened with that fucker? After what happened yesterday?” he adds, his voice quiet and earnest. I gaze into dark, serious, gray eyes. Am I okay? “Yes,” I whisper. His arms tighten around me, and I feel safe, cherished, and loved all at once. It’s blissful. Closing my eyes, I enjoy the feel of being in his arms. I love this man. I love his intoxicating scent, his strength, his mercurial ways—my Fifty. “Let’s not fight,” he murmurs. He kisses my hair and inhales deeply. “You smell heavenly as usual, Ana.” “So do you,” I whisper and kiss his neck. All too soon he releases me. “I should only be a couple of hours.” I wander listlessly through the apartment. Christian is still working. I have showered and dressed in some sweats and a T-shirt of my own, and I’m bored. I don’t want to read. If I sit still, I’ll recall Jack and his fingers on me. I check out my old bedroom, the subs’ room. José can sleep here—he’ll like the view. It’s about eight fifteen, and the sun is beginning to sink into the west. The lights of the city twinkle below me. It’s glorious. Yes, José will like it here. I wonder idly where Christian will hang José’s pictures of me. I’d rather he didn’t. I am not keen on looking at myself.
Back down the hallway I find myself outside the playroom, and without thinking, I try the door handle. Christian normally keeps it locked, but to my surprise, the door opens. How strange. Feeling like a child playing hooky and straying into the forbidden forest, I walk in. It’s dark. I flick the switch and the lights under the cornice light up with a soft glow. It’s as I remember it. A womb-like room. Memories of the last time I was in here flash through my mind. The belt... I wince at the recollection. Now it hangs innocently, lined up with others, on the rack beside the door. Tentatively I run my fingers over the belts, the floggers, the paddles, and the whips. Sheesh. This is what I need to square with Dr. Flynn. Can someone in this lifestyle just stop? It seems so improbable. Wandering over to the bed, I sit on soft red satin sheets, gazing around at all the apparatus. Beside me is the bench, above that the assortment of canes. So many! Surely one is enough? Well, the less said about that the better. And the large table. We never tried that, whatever he does on it. My eyes fall on the chesterfield, and I move over to sit on it. It’s just a couch, nothing extraordinary about it—nothing to fasten anything to, not that I can see. Glancing behind me, I spy the museum chest. My curiosity is piqued. What does he keep in there? As I pull open the top drawer I realize my blood is pounding through my veins. Why am I so nervous? This feels so illicit, as if I’m trespassing, which of course I am. But if he wants to marry me, well... Holy fuck, what’s all this? An array of instruments and bizarre implements—I don’t have a clue what they are, or what they’re for—are carefully laid out in the display drawer. I pick one up. It’s bulletshaped with a sort of handle. Hmm... what the hell do you do with that? My mind boggles, though I think I have an idea. Jeez, there are four different sizes! My scalp prickles and I glance up. Christian is standing in the doorway, staring at me, his face unreadable. How long has he been there? I feel like I’ve been caught with my hand in the cookie jar. “Hi.” I smile nervously at him, and I know my eyes are wide and that I’m deathly pale. “What are you doing?” he says softly, but there’s an undercurrent in his tone. Oh shit. Is he mad? I flush. “Er... I was bored and curious,” I mutter, embarrassed to be found out. He said he’d be two hours. “That’s a very dangerous combination.” He runs his long index finger across his lower lip in quiet contemplation, not taking his eyes off me. I swallow and my mouth is dry. Slowly, he enters the room and closes the door quietly behind him, his eyes liquid gray fire. Oh my. He leans casually over the chest of drawers, but I think his stance is deceptive. My inner goddess doesn’t know whether it’s fight or flight time. “So, what exactly are you curious about, Miss Steele? Perhaps I could enlighten you.” “The door was open... I—” I gaze at Christian as I hold my breath and blink, uncertain as ever of his reaction or what I should say. His eyes are dark. I think he’s amused, but it’s difficult to tell. He places his elbows on the museum chest and rests his chin on his clasped hands.
“I was in here earlier today wondering what to do with it all. I must have forgotten to lock it.” He scowls momentarily as if leaving the door unlocked is a terrible lapse in judgment. I frown—it’s not like him to be forgetful. “Oh?” “But now here you are, curious as ever.” His voice is soft, puzzled. “You’re not mad?” I whisper, using my remaining breath. He cocks his head to one side, and his lips twitch in amusement. “Why would I be mad?” “I feel like I’m trespassing... and you’re always mad at me.” My voice is quiet, though I’m relieved. Christian’s brow creases once more. “Yes, you’re trespassing, but I’m not mad. I hope that one day you’ll live with me here, and all this”—he gestures vaguely round the room with one hand—“will be yours, too.” My playroom... eh? I gape at him—that’s a lot to take in. “That’s why I was in here today. Trying to decide what to do.” He taps his lips with his index finger. “Am I angry with you all the time? I wasn’t this morning.” Oh, that’s true. I smile at the memory of Christian when we woke, and it distracts me from the thought of what will become of the playroom. He was such fun Fifty this morning. “You were playful. I like playful Christian.” “Do you now?” He arches an eyebrow, and his beautiful mouth curves up in a smile, a shy smile. Wow! “What’s this?” I hold up the silver bullet thing. “Always hungry for information, Miss Steele. That’s a butt plug,” he says gently. “Oh...” “Bought for you.” What? “For me?” He nods slowly, his face now serious and wary. I frown. “You buy new, er... toys... for each submissive?” “Some things. Yes.”
“Butt plugs?” “Yes.” Okay... I swallow. Butt plug. It’s solid metal—surely that’s uncomfortable? I remember our discussion about sex toys and hard limits after I graduated. I think at the time I said I would try. Now, actually seeing one, I don’t know if it’s something I want to do. I examine it once more and place it back in the drawer. “And this?” I take out a long, black rubbery object, made of gradually diminishing spherical bubbles joined together, the first one large and the last much smaller. Eight bubbles in total. “Anal beads,” says Christian, watching me carefully. Oh! I examine them with fascinated horror. All of these, inside me... there! I had no idea. “They have quite an effect if you pull them out mid-orgasm,” he adds matter-of-factly. “This is for me?” I whisper. “For you.” He nods slowly. “This is the butt drawer?” He smirks. “If you like.” I close it quickly, flushing like a stoplight. “Don’t you like the butt drawer?” he asks innocently, amused. I gaze at him and shrug, trying to brazen out my shock. “It’s not top of my Christmas card list,” I mutter nonchalantly. Tentatively, I open the second drawer.He grins. “Next drawer down holds a selection of vibrators.” I shut the drawer quickly. “And the next?” I whisper, ashen once more, but this time with embarrassment. “That’s more interesting.” Oh! Hesitantly I pull the drawer open, not taking my eyes off his beautiful but rather smug face. Inside there are an assortment of metal items and some clothespins. Clothespins! I pick up a large metal cliplike device.
“Genital clamp,” Christian says. He stands up and moves casually around so that he’s beside me. I put it back immediately and choose something more delicate—two small clips on a chain. “Some of these are for pain, but most are for pleasure,” he murmurs. “What’s this?” “Nipple clamps—that’s for both.” “Both? Nipples?” Christian smirks at me. “Well, there are two clamps, baby. Yes, both nipples, but that’s not what I meant. These are for both pleasure and pain.” Oh. He takes it from me. “Hold out your little finger.” I do as he asks, and he clamps one clip to the tip of my finger. It’s not too harsh. “The sensation is very intense, but it’s when taking them off that they are at their most painful andpleasurable.” I remove the clip. Hmm, that might be nice. I squirm at the thought. “I like the look of these,” I murmur and Christian smiles. “Do you now, Miss Steele? I think I can tell.” I nod shyly, biting my lip. He reaches up and tugs on my chin so I release my bottom lip. “You know what that does to me,” he murmurs. I put the clips back in the drawer, and Christian leans forward and pulls out two more. “These are adjustable.” He holds them up for me to inspect. “Adjustable?” “You can wear them very tight... or not. Depending on your mood.” How does he make that sound so erotic? I swallow, and to divert his attention, pull out a device that looks like a spiky pastry cutter. “This?” I frown. No baking in the playroom, surely. “That’s a Wartenberg pinwheel.” “For?”
He reaches over and takes it from me. “Give me your hand. Palm up.” I offer him my left hand and he takes it gently, skating his thumb over my knuckles. A shiver runs through me. His skin against mine, it never fails to thrill me. He runs the wheel over my palm. “Ah!” The prongs bite into my skin—there’s more than just pain. In fact, it tickles slightly. “Imagine that over your breasts,” Christian murmurs lasciviously. Oh! I flush and snatch my hand back. My breathing and heart rate increase. Holy cow. “There’s a fine line between pleasure and pain, Anastasia,” he says softly as he leans down and puts the device back in the drawer. “Clothespins?” I whisper. “You can do a great deal with a clothespins.” His gray eyes burn. I lean against the drawer so it closes. “Is that all?” Christian looks amused. “No...” I pull open the fourth drawer to be confounded by a mass of leather and straps. I tug at one of the straps... it appears to be attached to a ball. “Ball gag. To keep you quiet,” says Christian, amused once more. “Soft limit,” I mutter. “I remember,” he says. “But you can still breathe. Your teeth clamp over the ball.” Taking it from me, he replicates a mouth clamping down on the ball with his fingers. “Have you worn one of these?” I ask. He stills and gazes down at me. “Yes.” “To mask your screams?” He closes his eyes, and I think it’s in exasperation. “No, that’s not what they’re about.” Oh? “It’s about control, Anastasia. How helpless would you be if you were tied up and couldn’t speak? How trusting would you have to be, knowing I had that much power over you? That I had to read your body and your reaction, rather than hear your words? It makes you more dependent, puts me in ultimate control.”
I swallow. “You sound like you miss it.” “It’s what I know,” he murmurs, gazing down at me. His gray eyes are wide and serious, and the atmosphere between us has changed as if he’s in the confessional. “You have power over me. You know you do,” I whisper. “Do I? You make me feel... helpless.” “No!” Oh Fifty... “Why?” “Because you’re the only person I know who could really hurt me.” He reaches up and tucks my hair behind my ear. “Oh, Christian... that works both ways. If you didn’t want me—” I shudder, glancing down at my twisting fingers. Therein lays my other dark reservation about us. If he wasn’t so... broken, would he want me? I shake my head. I must try not to think like that. “The last thing I want to do is hurt you. I love you,” I murmur, reaching up to run my fingers through his sideburn and gently stroke his cheek. He leans his face into my touch, drops the gag back in the drawer, and reaches for me, his hands around my waist. He pulls me against him. “Have we finished show and tell?” he asks, his voice soft and seductive. His hand moves up my back to the nape of my neck. “Why? What did you want to do?” He bends and kisses me gently, and I melt against him, grasping his arms. “Ana, you were nearly attacked today.” His voice is soft but ice-cold and wary. “So?” I ask, enjoying the feel of his hand at my back and his proximity. He pulls his head back and scowls down at me. “What do you mean, ‘so?’ ” he rebukes. I gaze up into his lovely, grumpy face, and I’m dazzled. “Christian, I’m fine.” He wraps me in his arms, holding me close. “When I think what might have happened,” he breathes, burying his face in my hair. “When will you learn that I’m stronger than I look?” I whisper reassuringly into his neck, inhaling his delicious scent. There is nothing better on the planet than being in Christian’s arms.
“I know you’re strong,” Christian muses quietly. He kisses my hair, then to my great disappointment, releases me. Oh? Bending down I fish another item out of the open drawer. Several cuffs attached to a bar. I hold it up. “That,” says Christian, his eyes darkening, “is a spreader bar with ankle and wrist restraints.” “How does it work?” I ask, genuinely intrigued. My inner goddess pops her head out of her bunker. “You want me to show you?” he breathes in surprise, closing his eyes briefly. I blink at him. When he opens his eyes, they are blazing. Oh my. “Yes, I want a demonstration. I like being tied up,” I whisper as my inner goddess pole vaults from the bunker onto her chaise longue. “Oh, Ana,” he murmurs. He looks pained all of a sudden. “What?” “Not here.” “What do you mean?” “I want you in my bed, not in here. Come.” He grabs the bar and my hand, then leads me promptly out of the room. Why are we leaving? I glance behind me as we exit. “Why not in there?” Christian stops on the stairs and gazes up at me, his expression grave. “Ana, you may be ready to go back in there, but I’m not. Last time we were in there, you left me. I keep telling you—when will you understand?” He frowns, releasing me so that he can gesticulate with his free hand. “My whole attitude has changed as a result. My whole outlook on life has radically shifted. I’ve told you this. What I haven’t told you is—” He stops and runs his hand through his hair, searching for the correct words. “I’m like a recovering alcoholic, okay? That’s the only comparison I can draw. The compulsion has gone, but I don’t want to put temptation in my way. I don’t want to hurt you.” He looks so remorseful, and in that moment, a sharp nagging pain lances through me. What have I done to this man? Have I improved his life? He was happy before he met me, wasn’t he? “I can’t bear to hurt you because I love you,” he adds, gazing up at me, his expression one of absolute sincerity like a small boy telling a very simple truth.
He’s completely guileless, and he takes my breath away. I adore him more than anything or anyone. I do love this man unconditionally. I launch myself at him so hard that he has to drop what he’s carrying to catch me as I push him up against the wall. Grabbing his face between my hands, I pull his lips to mine. I can taste his surprise as I push my tongue into his mouth. I am standing on the step above him—we’re at the same level, and I feel euphorically empowered. Kissing him passionately, my fingers twisting into his hair, I want to touch him, everywhere, but restrain myself, knowing his fear. Regardless, my desire unfurls, hot and heavy, blossoming deep inside me. He groans and grabs my shoulders, pushing me away. “Do you want me to fuck you on the stairs?” he mutters, his breathing ragged. “Because right now, I will.” “Yes,” I murmur and I’m sure my dark gaze matches his. He glares at me, his eyes hooded and heavy. “No. I want you in my bed.” He scoops me up suddenly over his shoulder, making me squeal, loudly, and smacks me hard on my behind, so that I squeal again. As he heads down the stairs, he stoops to pick up the fallen spreader bar. Mrs. Jones is coming out of the utility room when we pass through the hall. She smiles at us, and I give her an apologetic upside-down wave. I don’t think Christian notices her. In the bedroom, he sets me down on my feet and drops the spreader on to the bed. “I don’t think you’ll hurt me,” I breathe. “I don’t think I’ll hurt you, either,” he says. He takes my head in his hands and kisses me, long and hard, igniting my already heated blood. “I want you so much,” he whispers against my mouth, panting. “Are you sure about this—after today?’ “Yes. I want you, too. I want to undress you.” I can’t wait to get my hands on him—my fingers are itching to touch him. His eyes widen and for a moment, he hesitates, perhaps to consider my request. “Okay,” he says cautiously. I reach for the second button on his shirt and hear him catch his breath. “I won’t touch you if you don’t want me to,” I whisper. “No,” he responds quickly. “Do. It’s fine. I’m good,” he mutters. I gently undo the button and my fingers glide down his shirt to the next. His eyes are large and luminous, his lips parted as his breathing shallows. He is so beautiful, even in his fear... because of his fear. I undo the third button and notice his soft hair poking through the large V of the shirt.
“I want to kiss you there,” I murmur. He inhales sharply. “Kiss me?” “Yes,” I murmur. His gasps as I undo the next button and very slowly lean forward, making my intention clear. He’s holding his breath, but stands stock-still as I plant a gentle kiss among the soft, exposed curls. I undo the final button and lift my face to him. He’s gazing at me, and there’s a look of satisfaction, calm, and... wonder on his face. “It’s getting easier, isn’t it?” I whisper. He nods as I slowly push his shirt off his shoulders and let it fall to the floor. “What have you done to me, Ana?” he murmurs. “Whatever it is, don’t stop.” And he gathers me in his arms, fisting both his hands in my hair and pulling my head right back so that he can have easy access to my throat. He runs his lips up to my jaw, nipping softly. I groan. Oh, I want this man. My fingers fumble at his waistband, undoing the button and pulling down the zipper. “Oh, baby,” he breathes as he kisses me behind my ear. I feel his erection, firm and hard, straining against me. I want him—in my mouth. I step back abruptly and drop to my knees. “Whoa?” he gasps. I tug his pants and boxers sharply, and he springs free. Before he can stop me, I take him into my mouth, sucking hard, enjoying his shocked astonishment as his mouth drops open. He gazes down at me, watching my every move, eyes so dark and filled with carnal bliss. Oh my. I sheath my teeth and suck harder. He closes his eyes and surrenders to this blissful carnal pleasure is so arousing. I know what I do to him, and it’s hedonistic, liberating, and sexy as hell. The feeling is heady, I’m not just powerful—I’m omniscient. “Fuck,” he hisses and gently cradles my head, flexing his hips so he moves deeper inside my mouth. Oh yes, I want this and I swirl my tongue around him, pulling hard... over and over. “Ana.” He tries to step back. Oh no you don’t, Grey. I want you. I grab his hips firmly, doubling my efforts, and I can tell he’s close. “Please,” he pants. “I’m gonna come, Ana,” he groans. Good. My inner goddess’s head is thrown back in ecstasy, and he comes, loudly and wetly, into my mouth.
He opens his bright gray eyes, gazing down at me, and I smile up at him, licking my lips. He grins back at me, a wicked, salacious grin. “Oh, so this is the game we’re playing, Miss Steele?” He bends, hooks his hands under my arms, and pulls me to my feet. Suddenly his mouth is on mine. He groans. “I can taste myself. You taste better,” he murmurs against my lips. He tugs my T-shirt off and throws it carelessly onto the floor, then picks me up and tosses me onto the bed. Grabbing the end of my sweats, he tugs abruptly so that they come off in one swift move. I’m naked underneath, sprawled across his bed. Waiting. Wanting. His eyes drink me in, and slowly he removes his remaining clothes, not taking his eyes off me. “You are one beautiful woman, Anastasia,” he murmurs appreciatively. Hmm... I tilt my head coquettishly to one side and beam at him. “You are one beautiful man, Christian, and you taste mighty fine.” He gives me a wicked grin and reaches for the spreader bar. Grabbing my left ankle, he quickly cuffs it, strapping the buckle tightly, but not too tight. He tests how much room I have by sliding his little finger between the cuff and my ankle. He doesn’t take his eyes off mine; he doesn’t need to see what he’s doing. Hmm... he’s done this before. “We’ll have to see how you taste. If I recall, you’re a rare, exquisite delicacy, Miss Steele.” Oh. Grasping my other ankle, he quickly and efficiently cuffs that one as well, so that my feet are about two feet apart. “The good thing about this spreader is, it expands,” he murmurs. He clicks something on the bar, then pushes, so my legs spread further. Whoa, three feet apart. My mouth drops open, and I take a deep breath. Fuck, this is hot. I’m on fire, restless and needy. Christian licks his lower lip. “Oh, we’re going to have some fun with this, Ana.” Reaching down he grasps the bar and twists it so I flip on to my front. It takes me by surprise. “See what I can do to you?” he says darkly and twists it again abruptly, so I am once more on my back, gaping up at him, breathless. “These other cuffs are for your wrists. I’ll think about that. Depends if you behave or not.” “When do I not behave?”
“I can think of a few infractions,” he says softly, running his fingers up the soles of my feet. It tickles, but the bar holds me in place, though I try to writhe away from his fingers. “Your Blackberry, for one.” I gasp. “What are you going to do?” “Oh, I never disclose my plans.” He smirks, his eyes alight with pure devilment. Holy cow. He’s so mind-bogglingly sexy, it takes my breath away. He crawls up the bed so that he’s kneeling between my legs, gloriously naked, and I’m helpless. “Hmm. You are so exposed, Miss Steele.” He runs the fingers of both his hands up the inside of each of my legs, slowly, surely, making small circular patterns. Never breaking eye contact with me. “It’s all about anticipation, Ana. What will I do to you?” His softly spoken words penetrate right to the deepest, darkest, part of me. I wriggle on the bed and moan. His fingers continue their slow assault up my legs, past the backs of my knees. Instinctively, I want to close my legsbut I can’t. “Remember, if you don’t like something, just tell me to stop,” he murmurs. Bending over, he kisses my belly, soft, sucky kisses while his hands continue their slow tortuous journey north up my inner thighs, touching and teasing. “Oh please, Christian,” I plead. “Oh, Miss Steele. I’ve discovered you can be merciless in your amorous assaults upon me. I think I should return the favor.” My fingers clutch the duvet as I surrender myself to him, his mouth gently heading south, his fingers north, to the vulnerable and exposed apex of my thighs. I groan as he eases his fingers inside me and buck my pelvis up to meet them. Christian moans in response. “You never cease to amaze me, Ana. You’re so wet,” he murmurs against the line where my pubic hair joins my belly. My body bows as his mouth finds me. Oh my. He begins a slow and sensual assault, his tongue swirling around and around while his fingers move inside me. Because I can’t close my legs, or move, it’s intense, really intense. My back arches as I try to absorb the sensations. “Oh, Christian,” I cry. “I know, baby,” he whispers, and to ease up on me, he blows softly on the most sensitive part of my body.
“Arrgh! Please!” I beg. “Say my name,” he commands. “Christian,” I call, hardly recognizing my own voice—it’s so high-pitched and needy. “Again,” he breathes. “Christian, Christian, Christian Grey,” I call out loudly. “You are mine.” His voice is soft and deadly and with one last flick of his tongue, I fall—spectacularly— embracing my orgasm, and because my legs are so far apart, it goes on and on and I am lost. Vaguely, I’m aware that Christian has flipped me on to my front. “We’re going to try this, baby. If you don’t like it, or it’s too uncomfortable, tell me, and we’ll stop.” What? I am too lost in the afterglow to form any sentient or coherent thoughts. I am sitting on Christian’s lap. How did that happen? “Lean down, baby,” he murmurs at my ear. “Head and chest on the bed.” In a daze I do as I’m told. He pulls both my hands backward and cuffs them to the bar, next to my ankles. Oh... My knees are drawn up, my ass in the air, utterly vulnerable, completely his. “Ana, you look so beautiful.” His voice is full of wonder, and I hear the rip of foil. He runs his fingers from the base of my spine down toward my sex and pauses a beat over my ass. “When you’re ready, I want this, too.” His finger is hovering over me. I gasp loudly as I feel myself tense under his gentle probing. “Not today, sweet Ana, but one day... I want you every way. I want to possess every inch of you. You’re mine.” I think about the butt plug, and everything tightens deep inside me. His words make me groan, and his fingers move down and around to more familiar territory. Moments later, he’s slamming into me. “Aagh! Gently,” I cry, and he stills. “You okay?” “Gently... let me get used to this.” He eases slowly out of me then eases gently back, filling me, stretching me, twice, thrice, and I am helpless. “Yes, good, I’ve got it now,” I murmur, relishing the feeling.
He groans, and picks up his rhythm. Moving, moving... relentless... onward, inward, filling me... and it’s exquisite. There’s joy in my helplessness, joy in my surrender to him, and to know that he can lose himself in me the way he wants to. I can do this. He takes me to these dark places, places I didn’t know existed, and together we fill them with blinding light. Oh yes... blazing, blinding light. And I let go, glorying in what he does to me, finding my sweet, sweet release, as I come again, loudly, screaming his name. And he stills, pouring his heart and soul into me. “Ana, baby,” he cries and collapses beside me. His fingers deftly undo the straps, and he rubs my ankles then my wrists. When he’s finished and I’m finally free, he pulls me into his arms and I drift, exhausted. When I surface again, I am curled beside him and he’s gazing at me. I have no idea what the time is. “I could watch you sleep forever, Ana,” he murmurs and he kisses my forehead. I smile and shift languorously beside him. “I never want to let you go,” he says softly and wraps his arms around me. Hmm.“I never want to go. Never let me go,” I mutter sleepily, my eyelids refusing to open. “I need you,” he whispers, but his voice is a distant, ethereal part of my dreams. He needs me... needs me... and as I finally slip into the darkness, my last thoughts are of a small boy with gray eyes and dirty, messy, copper-colored hair smiling shyly at me. Hmm.
Christian is nuzzling my neck as I slowly wake. “Morning, baby,” he whispers and nips at my earlobe. My eyes flutter open and close again quickly. Bright early morning light floods the room, and his hand is softly caressing my breast, gently teasing me. Moving down he grasps my hip as he lies behind me, holding me close. I stretch out beside him, relishing his touch, and feel his erection against my behind. Oh my. A Christian Grey wake-up call. “You’re pleased to see me,” I mumble sleepily, squirming suggestively against him. I feel his grin against my jaw. “I’m very pleased to see you,” he says as he skates his hand over my stomach and down to cup my sex and explore with his fingers. “There are definite advantages to waking up beside you, Miss Steele,” he teases and gently pulls me round so that I’m lying on my back. “Sleep well?” he asks as his fingers continue their sensual torture. He’s smiling down at me—his dazzling, all-American-drop-dead-male-model-perfect-teeth smile. He takes my breath away. My hips begin to sway to the rhythm of the dance his fingers have begun. He kisses me chastely on the lips and then moves down my neck, nipping slowly, kissing, and sucking as he goes. I moan. He’s gentle and his touch is light and heavenly. His intrepid fingers move down, and slowly he eases one inside me, hissing quietly in awe. “Oh, Ana,” he murmurs reverentially against my throat. “You’re always ready.” He moves his finger in time with his kisses as his lips journey leisurely across my clavicle and then down to my breast. He torments first one, then the other nipple with teeth and lips, but oh-so-gently, and they tighten and lengthen in sweet response. I groan. “Hmm,” he growls softly and raises his head to give me a blazing gray-eyed look. “I want you now.” He reaches over to the bedside table. He shifts on top of me, taking his weight on his elbows, and rubs his nose along mine while easing my legs apart with his. He kneels up and rips open the foil packet. “I can’t wait until Saturday,” he says, his eyes glowing with salacious delight. “Your party?” I pant. “No. I can stop using these fuckers.” “Aptly named.” I giggle. He smirks at me as he rolls on the condom. “Are you giggling, Miss Steele?” “No.” I try and fail to straighten my face.
“Now is not the time for giggling.” He shakes his head in admonishment and his voice is low, stern, but his expression—holy cow—is glacial and volcanic at once. My breath catches in my throat. “I thought you liked it when I giggle,” I whisper hoarsely, gazing into the dark depths of his stormy eyes. “Not now. There’s a time and a place for giggling. This is neither. I need to stop you, and I think I know how,” he says ominously, and his body covers mine. “What would you like for breakfast, Ana?” “I’ll just have some granola. Thank you, Mrs. Jones.” I flush as I take my place at the breakfast bar beside Christian. The last time I set eyes on the very prim and proper Mrs. Jones, I was being unceremoniously dragged into the bedroom over Christian’s shoulder. “You look lovely,” Christian says softly. I’m wearing my gray pencil skirt and gray silk blouse again. “So do you.” I smile shyly at him. He’s wearing a pale blue shirt and jeans, and he looks cool and fresh and perfect, as always. “We should buy you some more skirts,” he says matter-of-factly. “In fact—I’d love to take you shopping.” Hmm—shopping. I hate shopping. But with Christian, maybe it won’t be so bad. I decide on distraction as the best form of defense. “I wonder what will happen at work today?” “They’ll have to replace the sleazeball.” Christian frowns, scowling as if he’s just stepped in something extraordinarily unpleasant. “I hope they take on a woman as my new boss.” “Why?” “Well, you’re less likely to object to me going away with her,” I tease him. His lips twitch and he starts on his omelet. “What’s so funny?” I ask. “You are. Eat your granola, all of it, if that’s all you’re having.” Bossy as ever. I purse my lips at him, but dig in.
“So, the key goes here.” Christian points out the ignition beneath the gearshift. “Strange place,” I mutter. But I’m delighted with every little detail, practically bouncing like a small child in the comfortable leather seat. Christian has finally let me drive my car. He regards me coolly, though his eyes are alight with humor. “You’re quite excited about this, aren’t you?” he murmurs, amused. I nod, grinning like a fool. “Just smell that new car smell. This is even better than the Submissive Special... um, the A3,” I add quickly, blushing. Christian’s mouth twists. “Submissive Special, eh? You have such a way with words, Miss Steele.” He leans back with a faux look of disapproval, but he can’t fool me. I know he’s enjoying himself. “Well, let’s go.” He waves his long-fingered hand toward the entrance of the garage. I clap my hands, start the car, and the engine purrs to life. Putting the gearshift into drive, I ease my foot off the brake and the Saab moves smoothly forward. Taylor starts up the Audi behind us and once the garage barrier lifts, follows us out of Escala onto the street. “Can we have the radio on?” I ask as we wait at the first stop sign. “I want you to concentrate,” he says sharply. “Christian, please, I can drive with music on.” I roll my eyes. He scowls for a moment and then reaches for the radio. “You can play your iPod and mp3 discs as well as CDs on this,” he murmurs. The too-loud dulcet tones of The Police suddenly fill the car. Christian turns the music down. Hmm... “King of Pain.” “Your anthem,” I tease him, then instantly regret it when his mouth tightens in a thin line. Oh no. “I have this album, somewhere.” I continue hastily to distract him. Hmm... somewhere in the apartment I have spent very little time in. I wonder how Ethan is. I should try to call him today. I won’t have much to do at work. Anxiety blooms in my stomach. What will happen when I get to the office? Will everyone know about Jack? Will everyone know of Christian’s involvement? Will I still have a job? Sheesh, if I have no job, what will I do? Marry the gazillionaire, Ana! My subconscious has her snarky face on. I ignore her—rapacious bitch. “Hey, Miss Smart Mouth. Come back.” Christian drags me into the here and now as I pull up at the next stoplight.
“You’re very distracted. Concentrate, Ana,” he scolds. “Accidents happen when you don’t concentrate.” Oh, for heaven’s sake—and suddenly I’m catapulted back in time to when Ray was teaching me to drive. I don’t need another father. A husband maybe, a kinky husband. Hmm. “I’m just thinking about work.” “Baby, you’ll be fine. Trust me.” Christian smiles. “Please don’t interfere—I want to do this on my own. Christian, please. It’s important to me,” I say as gently as I can. I don’t want to argue. His mouth sets once more into a hard stubborn line, and I think he’s going to berate me again. Oh no. “Let’s not argue, Christian. We’ve had such a wonderful morning. And last night was—” Words fail me, last night was—“Heaven.” He says nothing. I glance over at him and his eyes are closed. “Yes. Heaven,” he says softly. “I meant what I said.” “What?” “I don’t want to let you go.” “I don’t want to go.” He smiles and it’s this new, shy smile that dissolves everything in its path. Boy, it’s powerful. “Good,” he says simply, and he visibly relaxes. I drive into the parking lot half a block from SIP. “I’ll walk you to work. Taylor will take me from there,” Christian offers. I clamber out of the car, restricted by my pencil skirt while Christian climbs out gracefully, at ease with his body or giving the impression of someone at ease with his body. Hmm... someone who can’t bear to be touched can’t be that at ease. I frown at my errant thought. “Don’t forget we’re seeing Flynn at seven this evening,” he says as he holds his hand out to me. I press the remote door lock and take his hand. “I won’t forget. I’ll compile a list of questions for him.” “Questions? About me?” I nod.
“I can answer any questions you have about me.” Christian looks affronted. I smile at him. “Yes, but I want the unbiased, expensive charlatan’s opinion.” He frowns and suddenly pulls me into his embrace, holding both my hands tightly behind my back. “Is this a good idea?” he says, his voice low and husky. I lean back to see the anxiety looming large and wide in his eyes. It tears at my soul. “If you don’t want me to, I won’t.” I stare at him, blinking, wanting to caress the concern out of his face. I tug on one of my hands and he frees it. I touch his cheek tenderly—it’s smooth from shaving this morning. “What are you worried about?” I ask, my voice soft and soothing. “That you’ll go.” “Christian, how many times do I have to tell you—I’m not going anywhere. You’ve already told me the worst. I’m not leaving you.” “Then why haven’t you answered me?” “Answered you?” I murmur disingenuously. “You know what I’m talking about, Ana.” I sigh. “I want to know that I’m enough for you, Christian. That’s all.” “And you won’t take my word for it?” he says exasperated, releasing me. “Christian, this has all been so quick. And by your own admission, you’re fifty shades of fucked-up. I can’t give you what you need,” I mutter. “It’s just not for me. But that makes me feel inadequate, especially seeing you with Leila. Who’s to say that one day you won’t meet someone who likes doing what you do? And who’s to say you won’t, you know... fall for her? Someone much better suited to your needs.” The thought of Christian with anyone else sickens me. I stare down at my knotted fingers. “I knew several women who like doing what I like to do. None of them appealed to me the way you do. I’ve never had an emotional connection with any of them. It’s only ever been you, Ana.” “Because you never gave them a chance. You’ve spent too long locked up in your fortress, Christian. Look, let’s discuss this later. I have to go to work. Maybe Dr. Flynn can offer us his insight.” This is all far too heavy a discussion for a parking lot at eight fifty in the morning, and Christian, for once, seems to agree. He nods but his eyes are wary. “Come,” he orders, holding out his hand.
When I reach my desk, I find a note asking me to go straight to Elizabeth’s office. My heart leaps into my mouth. Oh, this is it. I’m going to get fired. “Anastasia.” Elizabeth smiles kindly, waving me into a chair before her desk. I sit and gaze at her expectantly, hoping that she can’t hear my thumping heart. She smoothes her thick black hair and regards with me with somber, clear blue eyes. “I have some rather sad news.” Sad! Oh no. “I’ve called you in to inform you that Jack has left the company rather suddenly.” I flush. This isn’t sad for me. Should I tell her that I know? “His rather hasty departure has left a vacancy, and we’d like you to fill it for now, until we find a replacement.” What? I feel the blood rush from my head. Me? “But, I’ve only been here for a week or so.” “Yes, Anastasia, I understand but Jack was always a champion of your abilities. He had high hopes for you.” I stop breathing. He had high hopes of getting me on my back, sure. “Here’s a detailed job description. Have a good look through it, and we can discuss it later today.” “But—” “Please, I know this is sudden, but you’ve already made contact with Jack’s key authors. Your chapter notes haven’t gone unnoticed by the other commissioning editors. You have a shrewd mind, Anastasia. We all think you can do it.” “Okay.” This is unreal. “Look, think about it. In the meantime, you can take Jack’s office.” She stands, effectively dismissing me, and holds out her hand. I shake it in a complete daze. “I’m glad he’s gone,” she whispers and a haunted look crosses her face. Holy shit. What did he do to her? Back at my desk, I grab my Blackberry and call Christian. He answers on the second ring. “Anastasia. You okay?” he asks concerned.
“They’ve just given me Jack’s job to mind, temporarily,” I blurt out. “You’re kidding,” he whispers, shocked. “Did you have anything to do with this?” My voice is sharper than I mean it to be. “No—no, not at all. I mean, with all due respect, Anastasia, you’ve only been there for a week or so— and I don’t mean that unkindly.” “I know.” I frown. “Apparently Jack really rated me.” “Did he now?” Christian’s tone is frosty and then he sighs. “Well, baby, if they think you can do it, I’m sure you can. Congratulations. Perhaps we should celebrate after we’ve seen Flynn.” “Hmm. Are you sure you had nothing to do with this?” He is silent for a moment, and then he says in a low menacing voice. “Do you doubt me? It angers me that you do.” I swallow. Boy, he gets mad so easily. “I’m sorry,” I breathe, chastened. “If you need anything, let me know. I’ll be here. And Anastasia?” “What?” “Use your Blackberry,” he adds tersely. “Yes, Christian.” He doesn’t hang up as I expect him to but takes a deep breath. “I mean it. If you need me, I’m here.” His words are much softer, conciliatory. Oh, he’s so mercurial... his mood swings are like a metronome set at presto. “Okay,” I murmur. “I’d better go. I have to move offices.” “If you need me. I mean it,” he murmurs. “I know, thank you, Christian. I love you.” I sense his grin at the other end of the phone. I’ve won him back. “I love you, too, baby.” Oh, will I ever tire of him saying those words to me? “I’ll talk to you later.”
“Laters, baby.” I hang up and glance at Jack’s office. My office. Holy cow—Anastasia Steele, Acting Commissioning Editor. Who would have thought? I should ask for more money. What would Jack think if he knew? I shudder at the thought and wonder idly how he’s spent his morning, not in New York as he expected. I stroll into his—my office—sit down at the desk, and start reading the job description. At twelve thirty, Elizabeth buzzes me. “Ana, we need you in a meeting at one o’clock in the boardroom. Jerry Roach and Kay Bestie will be there—you know, the company president and vice president? All the commissioning editors will be attending.” Shit! “Do I need to prepare anything?” “No, this is just an informal gathering we do once a month. Lunch will be provided.” “I’ll be there.” I hang up. Holy shit! I check through the current roster of Jack’s authors. Yes, I’ve pretty much got those nailed. I have the five manuscripts he’s championing, plus two more, which should really be considered for publication. I take a deep breath—I cannot believe it’s lunchtime already. The day has flown by, and I’m loving it. There has been so much to absorb this morning. A ping from my calendar announces an appointment. Oh no—Mia! In all the excitement I have forgotten about our lunch. I fish out my Blackberry and try frantically to find her phone number. My phone buzzes. “It’s him, in reception.” Claire’s voice is hushed. “Who?” For a moment, I think it might be Christian. “The blond god.” “Ethan?” Oh, what does he want? I immediately feel guilty for not having called him. Ethan, dressed in a checked blue shirt, white T-shirt, and jeans, beams at me when I appear. “Wow! You look hot, Steele,” he says, nodding appreciatively. He gives me a quick hug.
“Is everything okay?” I ask. He frowns. “Everything’s fine, Ana. I just wanted to see you. I’ve not heard from you in a while, and I wanted to check how Mr. Mogul was treating you.” I flush and can’t help my smile. “Okay!” Ethan exclaims, holding up his hands. “I can tell by the secret smile. I don’t want to know any more. I came by on the off chance you could do lunch. I’m enrolling at Seattle for psych courses in September. For my master’s.” “Oh Ethan. So much has happened. I have a ton to tell you, but right now, I can’t. I have a meeting.” An idea hits me hard. “And I wonder if you can do me a really, really, really big favor?” I clasp my hands together in supplication. “Sure,” he says, bemused by my pleading. “I’m supposed to be having lunch with Christian and Elliot’s sister—but I can’t get hold of her, and this meeting’s just been sprung on me. Please will you take her for lunch? Please?” “Aw, Ana! I don’t want to babysit some brat.” “Please, Ethan.” I give him the biggest-bluest-longest-eye-lashed look that I can manage. He rolls his eyes and I know I’ve got him. “You’ll cook me something?” he mutters. “Sure, whatever, whenever.” “So where is she?” “She’s due here now.” And as if on cue, I hear her voice. “Ana!” she calls from the front door. We both turn, and there she is—all curvaceous and tall with her sleek black bob—wearing a short mintgreen minidress and matching high-heeled pumps with straps around her slim ankles. She looks stunning. “The brat?” he whispers, gaping at her. “Yes. The brat that needs babysitting,” I whisper back. “Hi, Mia.” I give her a quick hug as she stares rather blatantly at Ethan. “Mia—this is Ethan, Kate’s brother.” He nods, his eyebrows raised in surprise. Mia blinks several times as she gives him her hand.
“Delighted to meet you,” Ethan murmurs smoothly and Mia blinks again—silent for once. She blushes. Holy cow. I don’t think I’ve ever seen her blush. “I can’t make lunch,” I say lamely. “Ethan has agreed to take you, if that’s okay? Can we have a rain check?” “Sure,” she says quietly. Mia quiet, this is novel. “Yeah, I’ll take it from here. Laters, Ana,” Ethan says, offering Mia his arm. She accepts it with a shy smile. “Bye, Ana.” Mia turns to me and mouths, “Oh. My. God!” giving me an exaggerated wink. Jeez... she likes him! I wave at them as they leave the building. I wonder what Christian’s attitude is about his sister dating? The thought makes me uneasy. She’s my age, so he can’t object, can he? This is Christian we’re dealing with. My snarky subconscious is back, hatchet-mouthed, cardigan and purse in the crook of her arm. I shake off the image. Mia is a grown woman and Christian can be reasonable, can’t he? I dismiss the thought and head back to Jack’s... er... my office to prep for the meeting. It’s three thirty when I return. The meeting went well. I have even secured approval to progress the two manuscripts I was championing. It’s a heady feeling. On my desk is an enormous wicker basket crammed with stunning white and pale pink roses. Wow—the fragrance alone is heavenly. I smile as I pick up the card. I know who sent them. Congratulations, Miss Steele And all on your own! No help from your overfriendly, neighborhood, megalomaniac CEO Love Christian I pick up my Blackberry to e-mail him. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Megalomaniac... Date: June 16, 2011 15:43
To: Christian Grey ...is my favorite type of maniac. Thank you for the beautiful flowers. They’ve arrived in a huge wicker basket that makes me think of picnics and blankets. x From: Christian Grey Subject: Fresh Air Date: June 16, 2011 15:55 To: Anastasia Steele Maniac, eh? Dr. Flynn may have something to say about that. You want to go on a picnic? We could have fun in the great outdoors, Anastasia . . . How is your day going, baby? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh my. I flush reading his response. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Hectic Date: June 16, 2011 16:00 To: Christian Grey The day has flown by. I have hardly had a moment to myself to think about anything other than work. I think I can do this! I’ll tell you more when I’m home. Outdoors sounds... interesting. Love you. Ax PS: Don’t worry about Dr. Flynn. My phone buzzes. It’s Claire from reception, desperate to know who sent the flowers and what happened to Jack. Holed up in the office all day, I have missed the gossip. I tell her quickly that the
flowers are from my boyfriend and that I know very little about Jack’s departure. My Blackberry buzzes and I have another e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: I’ll try... Date: June 16, 2011 16:09 To: Anastasia Steele ... not to worry. Laters, baby. x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. At five thirty, I pack up my desk. I can’t believe how quickly the day has gone. I have to get back to Escala and prepare to meet Dr. Flynn. I haven’t even had time to think of questions. Perhaps today we can have an initial meeting, and maybe Christian will let me see him again. I shrug off the thought as I dash out of the office, waving a quick good-bye to Claire. I’ve also got Christian’s birthday to think about. I know what I’m going to give him. I’d like him to have it tonight before we meet Flynn, but how? Beside the parking lot is a small store selling touristy trinkets. Inspiration hits me and I duck inside. Christian is on his Blackberry, standing and staring out the glass wall as I enter the great room half an hour later. Turning, he beams at me and wraps up his call. “Ros, that’s great. Tell Barney and we’ll go from there... Good-bye.” He strides over to me as I stand shyly in the entryway. He’s changed now into a white T-shirt and jeans, all bad boy and smoldering. Whoa. “Good evening, Miss Steele,” he murmurs and he bends to kiss me. “Congratulations on your promotion.” He wraps his arms around me. He smells delicious. “You’ve showered.” “I’ve just had a work-out with Claude.” “Oh.” “Managed to knock him on his ass twice.” Christian beams, boyish and pleased with himself. His grin is infectious.
“That doesn’t happen often?” “No. Very satisfying when it does. Hungry?” I shake my head. “What?” He frowns at me. “I’m nervous. About Dr. Flynn.” “Me, too. How was your day?” He releases me, and I him give a brief summary. He listens attentively. “Oh—there’s one more thing I should tell you,” I add. “I was supposed to have lunch with Mia.” He raises his eyebrows, surprised. “You never mentioned that.” “I know, I forgot. I couldn’t make it because of the meeting, and Ethan took her out to lunch instead.” His face darkens. “I see. Stop biting your lip.” “I’m going to freshen up,” I say changing the subject and turning to leave before he can react any further. Dr. Flynn’s office is a short drive from Christian’s apartment. Very handy, I muse, for emergency sessions. “I usually run here from home,” Christian says as he parks my Saab. “This is a great car.” He smiles at me. “I think so, too.” I smile back at him. “Christian... I—” I gaze anxiously at him. “What is it, Ana?” “Here.” I pull the small black gift box from my purse. “This is for you for your birthday. I wanted to give it to you now—but only if you promise not to open it until Saturday, okay?” He blinks at me in surprise and swallows. “Okay,” he murmurs cautiously. Taking a deep breath, I hand it to him, ignoring his bemused expression. He shakes the box, and it produces a very satisfactory rattle. He frowns. I know he’s desperate to see what it contains. Then he grins, his eyes alight with youthful, carefree excitement. Oh boy... he looks his age—and so beautiful. “You can’t open it until Saturday,” I warn him. “I get it,” he says. “Why are you giving this to me now?” He pops the box into the inside pocket of his blue pinstriped jacket, close to his heart.
How apt, I muse. I smirk at him. “Because I can, Mr. Grey.” His mouth twists with wry amusement. “Why, Miss Steele, you stole my line.” We are ushered into Dr. Flynn’s palatial office by a brisk and friendly receptionist. She greets Christian warmly, a little too warmly for my taste—jeez, she’s old enough to be his mother—and he knows her name. The room is understated: pale green with two dark green couches facing two leather winged chairs, and it has the atmosphere of a gentlemen’s club. Dr. Flynn is seated at a desk at the far end of the room. As we enter, he stands and walks over to join us in the seating area. He wears black pants and a paleblue open-necked shirt—no tie. His bright blue eyes seem to miss nothing. “Christian.” He smiles amicably. “John.” Christian shakes John’s hand. “You remember Anastasia?” “How could I forget? Anastasia, welcome.” “Ana, please,” I mumble as he shakes my hand firmly. I do love his English accent. “Ana,” he says kindly, ushering us toward the couches. Christian gestures to one of them for me. I sit, trying to look relaxed, resting my hand on the couch rest, and he sprawls on the other couch beside me so that we’re at right angles to each other. A small table with a simple lamp is between us. I note with interest a box of tissues beside the lamp. This isn’t what I expected. I had in my mind’s eye a stark white room with a black leather chaise longue; my inner goddess might have felt more at home then. Looking relaxed and in control, Dr. Flynn takes a seat in one of the winged chairs and picks up a leather notepad. Christian crosses his legs, his ankle resting on his knee, and stretches one arm along the back of the couch. Reaching across with his other hand, he finds my hand on the couch rest and gives it a reassuring squeeze. “Christian has requested that you accompany him to one of our sessions,” Dr. Flynn begins gently. “Just so you know, we treat these sessions with absolute confidentiality—” I raise my eyebrow at Flynn, halting him mid-speech. “Oh—um... I’ve signed an NDA,” I murmur, embarrassed that he’s stopped. Both Flynn and Christian stare at me, and Christian releases my hand.
“A non-disclosure agreement?” Dr. Flynn’s brow furrows, and he glances quizzically at Christian. Christian shrugs. “You start all your relationships with women with an NDA?” Dr. Flynn asks him. “The contractual ones, I do.” Dr. Flynn’s lip twitches. “You’ve had other types of relationships with women?” he asks, and he looks amused. “No,” Christian answers after a beat, and he looks amused, too. “As I thought.” Dr. Flynn turns his attention back to me. “Well, I guess we don’t have to worry about confidentiality, but may I suggest that the two of you discuss this at some point? As I understand, you’re no longer entering into that kind of contractual relationship.” “Different kind of contract, hopefully,” says Christian softly, glancing at me. I flush and Dr. Flynn narrows his eyes. “Ana. You’ll have to forgive me, but I probably know a lot more about you than you think. Christian has been very forthcoming.” I glance nervously at Christian. What has he said? “An NDA?” he continues. “That must have shocked you.” I blink at him. “Oh, I think the shock of that has paled into insignificance, given Christian’s most recent revelations,” I answer, my voice soft and hesitant. I sound so nervous. “I’m sure.” Dr. Flynn smiles kindly at me. “So, Christian, what would you like to discuss?” Christian shrugs like a surly teen. “Anastasia wanted to see you. Perhaps you should ask her.” Dr. Flynn’s face registers his surprise once more, and he gazes shrewdly at me. Holy shit. This is mortifying. I gaze down at my fingers. “Would you be more comfortable if Christian left us for a while?” My eyes dart to Christian and he’s gazing at me expectantly. “Yes,” I whisper. Christian frowns and opens his mouth but closes it again quickly and stands in one swift graceful movement.
“I’ll be in the waiting room,” he says, his mouth a flat, grumpy line. Oh no. “Thank you, Christian,” Dr. Flynn says impassively. Christian gives me one long, searching look then stalks out of the room—but he doesn’t slam the door. Phew. I immediately relax. “He intimidates you?” “Yes. But not as much as he used to.” I feel disloyal but it’s the truth. “That doesn’t surprise me, Ana. What can I help you with?” I stare down at my knotted fingers. What can I ask? “Dr. Flynn, I’ve never been in a relationship before, and Christian is... well, he’s Christian. And over the last week or so, a great deal has happened. I haven’t had a chance to think things through.” “What do you need to think through?” I glance up at him, and his head is cocked to one side as he gazes at me with compassion, I think. “Well... Christian tells me that he’s happy to give up... er—” I stumble and pause. This is so much more difficult to discuss than I’d imagined. Dr. Flynn sighs. “Ana, in the very limited time that you’ve known him, you’ve made more progress with my patient than I have in the last two years. You have had a profound effect on him. You must see that.” “He’s had a profound effect on me, too. I just don’t know if I’m enough. To fulfill his needs,” I whisper. “Is that what you need from me? Reassurance?” I nod. “Needs change,” he says simply. “Christian has found himself in a situation where his methods of coping are no longer effective. Very simply, you’ve forced him to confront some of his demons and rethink.” I blink at him. This echoes what Christian has told me. “Yes, his demons,” I murmur. “We don’t dwell on them—they’re in the past. Christian knows what his demons are, as do I—and now I’m sure you do, too. I’m much more concerned with the future and getting Christian to a place where he wants to be.”
I frown and he raises an eyebrow. “The technical term is SFBT—sorry.” He smiles. “That stands for Solution-Focused Brief Therapy. Essentially, it’s goal oriented. We concentrate on where Christian wants to be and how to get him there. It’s a dialectical approach. There’s no point in breast-beating about the past—all that’s been picked over by every physician, psychologist, and psychiatrist Christian’s ever seen. We know why he’s the way he is, but it’s the future that’s important. Where Christian envisages himself, where he wants to be. It took you walking out on him to make him take this form of therapy seriously. He realizes that his goal is a loving relationship with you. It’s that simple, and that’s what we’re working on now. Of course there are obstacles—his haphephobia for one.” Oh jeez... his what? I gasp. “I’m sorry. I mean his fear of being touched,” Dr. Flynn says, shaking his head as if scolding himself. “Which I’m sure you’re aware of.” I flush and nod. Oh that! “He has a morbid self-abhorrence. I’m sure that comes as no surprise to you. And of course there’s the parasomnia... um—night terrors, sorry, to the layperson.” I blink at him, trying to absorb all these long words. I know about all of this. But Flynn hasn’t mentioned my central concern. “But he’s a sadist. Surely, as such, he has needs which I can’t fulfill.” Dr. Flynn actually rolls his eyes, and his mouth presses into a hard line. “That’s no longer recognized as a psychiatric term. I don’t know how many times I have told him that. It’s not even classified as a paraphilia any more, not since the nineties.” Dr. Flynn has lost me again. I blink at him. He smiles kindly at me. “This is a pet peeve of mine.” He shakes his head. “Christian just thinks the worst of any given situation. It’s part of his self-abhorrence. Of course, there’s such a thing as sexual sadism, but it’s not a disease; it’s a lifestyle choice. And if it’s practiced in a safe, sane relationship between consenting adults, then it’s a nonissue. My understanding is that Christian has conducted all of his BDSM relationships in this manner. You’re the first lover who hasn’t consented, so he’s not willing to do it.” Lover! “But surely it’s not that simple.” “Why not?” Dr. Flynn shrugs good-naturedly. “Well... the reasons he does it.”
“Ana, that’s the point. In terms of solution-focused therapy, it is that simple. Christian wants to be with you. In order to do that, he needs to forego the more extreme aspects of that kind of relationship. After all, what you’re asking for is not unreasonable... is it?” I flush. No, it’s not unreasonable, is it? “I don’t think so. But I worry that he does.” “Christian recognizes that and has acted accordingly. He’s not insane.” Dr. Flynn sighs. “In a nutshell, he’s not a sadist, Ana. He’s an angry, frightened, brilliant young man, who was dealt a shit hand of cards when he was born. We can all beat our breasts about it, and analyze the who, the how and the why to death—or Christian can move on and decide how he wants to live. He’d found something that worked for him for a few years, more or less, but since he met you, it no longer works. And as a consequence, he’s changing his modus operandi. You and I have to respect his choice and support him in it.” I gape at him. “That’s my reassurance?” “As good as it gets, Ana. There are no guarantees in this life.” He smiles. “And that is my professional opinion.” I smile, too, weakly. Doctor jokes... jeez. “But he thinks of himself as a recovering alcoholic.” “Christian will always think the worst of himself. As I said, it’s part of his self-abhorrence. It’s in his makeup, no matter what. Naturally he’s anxious about making this change in his life. He’s potentially exposing himself to a whole world of emotional pain, which, incidentally, he had a taste of when you left him. Naturally he’s apprehensive.” Dr. Flynn pauses. “I don’t mean to stress how important a role you have in his Damascene conversion—his road to Damascus. But you have. Christian would not be in this place if he had not met you. Personally I don’t think that an alcoholic is a very good analogy, but if it works for him for now, then I think we should give him the benefit of the doubt.” Give Christian the benefit of the doubt. I frown at the thought. “Emotionally, Christian is an adolescent, Ana. He bypassed that phase in his life totally. He’s channeled all his energies into succeeding in the business world, and he has beyond all expectations. His emotional world has to play catch-up.” “So how do I help?” Dr. Flynn laughs. “Just keep doing what you’re doing,” he grins at me. “Christian is head over heels. It’s a delight to see.” I flush, and my inner goddess is hugging herself with glee, but something bothers me. “Can I ask you one more thing?”
“Of course.” I take a deep breath. “Part of me thinks that if he wasn’t this broken he wouldn’t... want me.” Dr. Flynn’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “That’s a very negative thing to say about yourself, Ana. And frankly it says more about you than it does about Christian. It’s not quite up there with his self-loathing, but I’m surprised by it.” “Well, look at him... and then look at me.” Dr. Flynn frowns. “I have. I see an attractive young man, and I see an attractive young woman. Ana, why don’t you think of yourself as attractive?” Oh no... I don’t want this to be about me. I stare down at my fingers. There’s a sharp knock on the door that makes me jump. Christian comes back into the room, glaring at both of us. I flush and glance quickly at Flynn, who is smiling benignly at Christian. “Welcome back, Christian,” he says. “I think time is up, John.” “Nearly, Christian. Join us.” Christian sits down, beside me this time, and places his hand possessively on my knee. His action does not go unnoticed by Dr. Flynn. “Did you have any other questions, Ana?” Dr. Flynn asks and his concern is obvious. Shit... I should not have asked that question. I shake my head. “Christian?” “Not today, John.” Flynn nods. “It may be beneficial if you both come again. I’m sure Ana will have more questions.” Christian nods, reluctantly. I flush. Shit... he wants to delve. Christian clasps my hand and regards me intently. “Okay?” he asks softly. I smile at him, nodding. Yes, we’re going for the benefit of the doubt, courtesy of the good doctor from England. Christian squeezes my hand and turns to Flynn.
“How is she?” he asks softly. Me? “She’ll get there,” he says reassuringly. “Good. Keep me updated of her progress.” “I will.” Holy fuck. They’re talking about Leila. “Shall we go and celebrate your promotion?” Christian asks me pointedly. I nod shyly as Christian stands. We say our quick good-byes to Dr. Flynn, and Christian ushers me out with unseemly haste. In the street, he turns to me. “How was that?” his voice is anxious. “It was good.” He regards me suspiciously. I cock my head to one side. “Mr. Grey, please don’t look at me that way. Under doctor’s orders I am going to give you the benefit of the doubt.” “What does that mean?” “You’ll see.” His mouth twists and his eyes narrow. “Get in the car,” he orders while opening the passenger door of the Saab. Oh, change of direction. My Blackberry buzzes. I haul it out of my purse. Shit, José! “Hi!” “Ana, hi...” I stare at Fifty, who is eyeing me suspiciously. “José,” I mouth at him. He stares impassively at me, but his eyes harden. Does he think I don’t notice? I turn my attention back to José. “Sorry I haven’t called you. Is it about tomorrow?” I ask José, but stare up at Christian.
“Yeah, listen—I spoke with some guy at Grey’s place, so I know where I’m delivering the photos, and I should get there between five and six... after that, I’m free.” Oh. “Well, I’m actually staying with Christian at the moment, and if you want to, he says you can stay at his place.” Christian presses his mouth in a hard line. Hmm—some host he is. José is silent for a moment, absorbing this news. I cringe. I haven’t had a chance to talk to him about Christian. “Okay,” he says eventually. “This thing with Grey, it’s serious?” I turn away from the car and pace to the other side of the sidewalk. “Yes.” “How serious?” I roll my eyes and pause. Why does Christian have to be listening? “Serious.” “Is he with you now? That why you’re speaking in monosyllables?” “Yes.” “Okay. So are you allowed out tomorrow?” “Of course I am.” I hope. I automatically cross my fingers. “So where shall I meet you?” “You could collect me from work,” I offer. “Okay.” “I’ll text you the address.” “What time?” “Say six?” “Sure. I’ll see you then, Ana. Looking forward to it. I miss you.”
I grin. “Cool. I’ll see you then.” I switch the phone off and turn. Christian is leaning against the car watching me carefully, his expression impossible to read. “How’s your friend?” he asks coolly. “He’s well. He’ll pick me up from work, and I think we’ll go for a drink. Would you like to join us?” Christian hesitates, his gray eyes cool. “You don’t think he’ll try anything?” “No!” My tone is exasperated—but I refrain from rolling my eyes. “Okay,” Christian holds his hands up in defeat. “You hang out with your friend, and I’ll see you later in the evening.” I was expecting a fight, and his easy acquiescence throws me off balance. “See? I can be reasonable.” He smirks. My mouth twists. We’ll see about that. “Can I drive?” Christian blinks at me, surprised by my request. “I’d rather you didn’t.” “Why, exactly?” “Because I don’t like to be driven.” “You managed this morning, and you seem to tolerate Taylor driving you.” “I trust Taylor’s driving implicitly.” “And not mine?” I put my hands on my hips. “Honestly—your control freakery knows no bounds. I’ve been driving since I was fifteen.” He shrugs in response, as if this is of no consequence whatsoever. Oh—he’s so exasperating! Benefit of the doubt? Well, screw that. “Is this my car?” I demand. He frowns at me. “Of course it’s your car.” “Then give me the keys, please. I’ve driven it twice, and only to and from work. Now you’re having all the fun.” I am in full-on pout mode. Christian’s lips twitch with a repressed smile.
“But you don’t know where we’re going.” “I’m sure you can enlighten me, Mr. Grey. You’ve done a great job of it so far.” He gazes at me stunned then smiles, his new shy smile that totally disarms me and takes my breath away. “Great job, eh?” he murmurs. I blush. “Mostly, yes.” “Well, in that case.” He hands me the keys, walks round to the driver’s door, and opens it for me. “Left here,” Christian orders, and we head north toward the I-5. “Hell—gently, Ana.” He grabs hold of the dashboard. Oh, for heaven’s sake. I roll my eyes, but don’t turn to look at him. Van Morrison croons in the background over the car sound system. “Slow down!” “I am slowing down!” Christian sighs. “What did Flynn say?” I hear his anxiety leaching into his voice. “I told you. He says I should give you the benefit of the doubt.” Damn—maybe I should have let Christian drive. Then I could watch him. In fact... I signal to pull over. “What are you doing?” he snaps, alarmed. “Letting you drive.” “Why?” “So I can look at you.” He laughs. “No, no—you wanted to drive. So, you drive, and I’ll look at you.” I scowl at him. “Keep your eyes on the road!” he shouts. My blood boils. Right! I pull over to the curb just before a stoplight and storm out of the car, slamming the door, and stand on the sidewalk, arms folded, I glare at him. He climbs out of the car. “What are you doing?” he asks angrily, staring down at me. “No. What are you doing?”
“You can’t park here.” “I know that.” “So why have you?” “Because I’ve had it with you barking orders. Either you drive or you shut up about my driving!” “Anastasia, get back in the car before we get a ticket.” “No.” He blinks at me, at a total loss, then runs his hands through his hair, and his anger becomes bewilderment. He looks so comical all of a sudden, and I can’t help but smile at him. He frowns. “What?” he snaps once more. “You.” “Oh, Anastasia! You are the most frustrating female on the planet.” He throws his hands in the air. “Fine—I’ll drive.” I grab the edges of his jacket and pull him to me. “No—you are the most frustrating man on the planet, Mr. Grey.” He gazes down at me, his eyes dark and intense, he snakes his arms around my waist and embraces me, holding me close. “Maybe we’re meant for each other, then,” he says softly and inhales deeply, his nose in my hair. I wrap my arms around him and close my eyes. For the first time since this morning, I feel myself relax. “Oh... Ana, Ana, Ana,” he breathes, his lips pressed against my hair. I tighten my arms around him, and we stand, immobile, enjoying a moment of unexpected tranquility, on the street. Releasing me, he opens the passenger door. I climb in and sit quietly, watching him walk around the car. Restarting the car, Christian pulls out into the traffic, absentmindedly humming along to Van Morrison. Whoa. I’ve never heard him sing, not even in the shower, ever. I frown. He has a lovely voice—of course. Hmm... has he heard me sing? He wouldn’t be asking you to marry him if he had! My subconscious has her arms crossed and is wearing Burberry check... jeez. The song finishes and Christian smirks. “You know, if we had gotten a ticket, the title of this car is in your name.” “Well, good thing I’ve been promoted—I can afford the fine,” I say smugly, staring at his lovely profile. His lips twitch. Another Van Morrison song starts playing as he takes the on-ramp to I-5, heading north.
“Where are we going?” “It’s a surprise. What else did Flynn say?” I sigh. “He talked about FFFSTB or something.” “SFBT. The latest therapy option,” he mutters. “You’ve tried others?” Christian snorts. “Baby, I’ve been subjected to them all. Cognitivism, Freud, functionalism, Gestalt, behaviorism... You name it, over the years I’ve done it,” he says and his tone betrays his bitterness. The rancor in his voice is distressing. “Do you think this latest approach will help?” “What did Flynn say?” “He said not to dwell on your past. Focus on the future—on where you want to be.” Christian nods but shrugs at the same time, his expression cautious. “What else?” he persists. “He talked about your fear of being touched, although he called it something else. And about your nightmares and your self-abhorrence.” I glance at him, and in the evening light, he’s pensive, chewing on his thumbnail as he drives. He glances quickly at me. “Eyes on the road, Mr. Grey,” I admonish, my eyebrow cocked at him. He looks amused, and slightly exasperated. “You were talking forever, Anastasia. What else did he say?” I swallow. “He doesn’t think you’re a sadist,” I whisper. “Really?” Christian says quietly and frowns. The atmosphere in the car takes a nosedive. “He says that term’s not recognized in psychiatry. Not since the nineties,” I mutter, quickly trying to rescue the mood between us. Christian’s face darkens, and he exhales slowly. “Flynn and I have differing opinions on this,” he says quietly. “He said you always think the worst of yourself. I know that’s true,” I murmur. “He also mentioned sexual sadism—but he said that was a lifestyle choice, not a psychiatric condition. Maybe that’s what you’re thinking about.”
His gray eyes flash toward me again, and his mouth sets in a grim line. “So—one talk with the good doctor and you’re an expert,” he says acidly and turns his eyes front. Oh dear... I sigh. “Look—if you don’t want to hear what he said, don’t ask me,” I mutter softly. I don’t want to argue. Anyway he’s right—what the hell do I know about all his shit? Do I even want to know? I can list the salient points—his control freakery, his possessiveness, his jealousy, his overprotectiveness—and I completely understand where he’s coming from. I can even understand why he doesn’t like to be touched—I’ve seen the physical scars. I can only imagine the mental ones, and I’ve only glimpsed his nightmares once. And Dr. Flynn said— “I want to know what you discussed.” Christian interrupts my thoughts as he heads off I-5 on exit 172, heading west toward the slowly sinking sun. “He called me your lover.” “Did he now?” His tone is conciliatory. “Well, he’s nothing if not fastidious about his terms. I think that’s an accurate description. Don’t you?” “Did you think of your subs as lovers?” Christian’s brow creases once more, but this time he’s thinking. He turns the Saab smoothly north once again. Where are we going? “No. They were sexual partners,” he murmurs, his voice cautious again. “You’re my only lover. And I want you to be more.” Oh... there’s that magical word again, brimming with possibility. It makes me smile, and inside I hug myself, my inner goddess radiating joy. “I know,” I whisper, trying hard to hide my excitement. “I just need some time, Christian. To get my head around these last few days.” He glances at me oddly, perplexed, his head inclined to one side. After a beat, the stoplight we’re stationed at turns green. He nods and turns the music up, and our discussion is over. Van Morrison is still singing—more optimistically now—about it being a marvelous night for moondancing. I gaze out the windows at the pines and spruce dusted gold by the fading light of the sun, their long shadows stretching across the road. Christian has turned into a more residential street, and we’re heading west toward the Sound. “Where are we going?” I ask again as we turn into a road. I catch a road sign—9th Ave NW. I am baffled. “Surprise,” he says and smiles mysteriously.
Christian continues to drive past single-story, well-kept, clapboard houses where kids play either clustered around their basketball hoops in their yards or cycling and running around in the street. It all looks affluent and wholesome with the houses nestling among the trees. Perhaps we’re going to visit someone? Who? A few minutes later, Christian turns sharply left, and we’re confronted by two ornate white metal gates set in a six-foot-high, sandstone wall. Christian presses a button on his door handle and the electric window hums quietly down into the doorframe. He punches a number into the keypad and the gates swing open in welcome. He glances at me, and his expression has changed. He looks uncertain, nervous even. “What is it?” I ask, and I can’t mask the concern in my voice. “An idea,” he says quietly and eases the Saab through the gates. We head up a tree-lined lane just wide enough for two cars. On one side, the trees ring a densely wooded area, and on the other there’s a vast area of grassland where a once-cultivated field has been left fallow. Grasses and wildflowers have reclaimed it, creating a rural idyll—a meadow, where the late evening breeze softly ripples through the grass and the evening sun gilds the wildflowers. It’s lovely— utterly tranquil, and suddenly I imagine myself lying in the grass and gazing up at a clear blue summer sky. The thought is tantalizing yet makes me feel homesick for some strange reason. How odd. The lane curves around and opens into a sweeping driveway in front of an impressive Mediterraneanstyle house of soft pink sandstone. It’s palatial. All the lights are on, each window brightly illuminated in the dusk. There’s a smart, black BMW parked in front of the four-car garage, but Christian pulls up outside the grand portico.
Hmm... I wonder who lives here? Why are we visiting? Christian glances anxiously at me as he switches off the car engine. “Will you keep an open mind?” he asks. I frown. “Christian, I’ve needed an open mind since the day I met you.” He smiles ironically and nods. “Fair point well made, Miss Steele. Let’s go.” The dark wood doors open, and a woman with dark brown hair, a sincere smile, and a sharp lilac suit stands waiting. I’m grateful I changed into my new navy shift dress to impress Dr. Flynn. Okay, I’m not wearing killer heels like her—but still, I’m not in jeans. “Mr. Grey.” She smiles warmly and they shake hands. “Miss Kelly,” he says politely. She smiles at me and holds out her hand, which I shake. Her isn’t-he-dreamily-gorgeous-wish-he-wasmine flush does not go unnoticed. “Olga Kelly,” she announces breezily. “Ana Steele,” I mutter back at her. Who is this woman? She stands aside, welcoming us into the house. It’s a shock when I step in. The place is empty—completely empty. We find ourselves in a large entrance hall. The walls are a faded primrose yellow with scuffmarks where pictures must once have hung. All that remains are the old-fashioned crystal light fixtures. The floors are dull hardwood. There are closed doors to either side of us, but Christian gives me no time to assimilate what’s happening. “Come,” he says, and taking my hand, he leads me through the archway in front of us into a larger inner vestibule. It’s dominated by a curved, sweeping staircase with an intricate iron balustrade but still he doesn’t stop. He takes me through to the main living area, which is empty, save for a large faded gold rug—the biggest rug I have ever seen. Oh—and there are four crystal chandeliers. But Christian’s intention is now clear as we head across the room and outside through open French doors to a large stone terrace. Below us there’s half a football field of manicured lawn, but beyond that is the view. Wow. The panoramic, uninterrupted vista is breathtaking—staggering even: twilight over the Sound. Oh my. In the distance lies Bainbridge Island, and further still on this crystal clear evening, the setting sun sinks slowly, glowing blood and flame orange, beyond Olympic National Park. Vermillion hues bleed into the sky—opals, aquamarines, ceruleans—melding with the darker purples of the scant wispy clouds and the land beyond the Sound. It is nature’s best, a visual symphony orchestrated in the sky and reflected in the deep, still waters of the Sound. I am lost to the view—staring, trying to absorb such beauty.
I realize I’m holding my breath in awe, and Christian is still holding my hand. As I reluctantly turn my eyes away from the view, he’s gazing anxiously at me. “You brought me here to admire the view?” I whisper. He nods, his expression serious. “It’s staggering, Christian. Thank you,” I murmur, letting my eyes feast on it once more. He releases my hand. “How would you like to look at it for the rest of your life?” he breathes. What? I whip my face back to his, startled blue eyes to pensive gray. I think my mouth drops open, and I gape at him blankly. “I’ve always wanted to live on the coast. I sail up and down the Sound coveting these houses. This place hasn’t been on the market long. I want to buy it, demolish it, and build a new house—for us,” he whispers, and his eyes glow, translucent with his hopes and dreams. Holy cow. Somehow I remain upright. I’m reeling. Live, here! In this beautiful haven! For the rest of my life... “It’s just an idea,” he adds, cautiously. I glance back to assess the interior of the house. How much is it worth? It must be, what—five, ten million dollars? I have no idea. Holy shit. “Why do you want to demolish it?” I ask, looking back at him. His face falls slightly. Oh no. “I’d like to make a more sustainable home, using the latest ecological techniques. Elliot could build it.” I gaze back at the room again. Miss Olga Kelly is on the far side, hovering by the entrance. She’s the realtor, of course. I notice the room is huge and double height, a little like the great room at Escala. There’s a balcony above—that must be the landing on the second floor. There’s a huge fireplace and a whole line of French doors opening onto the terrace. It has an old-world charm. “Can we look around the house?” He blinks at me. “Sure,” he shrugs, puzzled. Miss Kelly’s face lights up like Christmas when we head back in. She’s delighted to take us on a tour and gives us the spiel. The house is enormous: twelve thousand square feet on six acres of land. As well as this main living room, there’s the eat-in—no, banquet-in—kitchen with family room attached—Family!—a music room, a library, a study and, much to my amazement, an indoor pool and exercise suite with sauna and steam room attached. Downstairs in the basement there’s a cinema—Jeez—and game room. Hmm... what sort of games could we play in here?
Miss Kelly points out all sorts of features, but basically the house is beautiful and was obviously at one time a happy family home. It’s a little shabby now, but nothing that some TLC couldn’t cure. As we follow Miss Kelly up the magnificent main stairs to the second floor, I can hardly contain my excitement... this house has everything I could ever wish for in a home. “Couldn’t you make the existing house more ecological and self-sustaining?” Christian blinks at me, nonplussed. “I’d have to ask Elliot. He’s the expert in all this.” Miss Kelly leads us into the master suite where full height windows open onto a balcony, and the view is still spectacular. I could sit in bed and gaze out all day, watching the sailing boats and the changing weather. There are five additional bedrooms on this floor. Jeez—kids. I push the thought hastily to one side. I have too much to process already. Miss Kelly is busily suggesting to Christian how the grounds could accommodate riding stables and a paddock. Horses! Terrifying images of my few riding lessons flash through my mind, but Christian doesn’t appear to be listening. “The paddock would be where the meadow is at the moment?” I ask. “Yes,” Miss Kelly says brightly. To me the meadow looks like somewhere to lie in the long grass and have picnics, not for some fourlegged fiend of Satan to roam. Back in the main room, Miss Kelly discreetly disappears, and Christian leads me out once more onto the terrace. The sun has set and lights from the towns on the Olympic peninsula are twinkling on the far side of the Sound. Christian pulls me into his arms and tips my chin up with his index finger, staring intently down at me. “Lot to take in?” he asks, his expression unreadable. I nod. “I wanted to check you liked it before I bought it.” “The view?” He nods. “I love the view, and I like the house that’s here.” “You do?” I smile shyly at him. “Christian, you had me at the meadow.”
His lips part as he inhales sharply, then his face transforms with a grin, and his hands are suddenly fisting into my hair and his mouth is on mine. Back in the car as we head for Seattle, Christian’s mood has lifted considerably. “So you’re going to buy it?” I ask. “Yes.” “You’ll put Escala on the market?” He frowns. “Why would I do that?” “To pay for...” My voice trails off—of course. I flush. He smirks at me. “Trust me, I can afford it.” “Do you like being rich?” “Yes. Show me someone who doesn’t,” he says darkly. Okay, get off that subject quickly. “Anastasia, you’re going to have to learn to be rich, too, if you say yes,” he says softly. “Wealth isn’t something I’ve ever aspired to, Christian.” I frown. “I know. I love that about you. But then you’ve never been hungry,” he says simply. His words are sobering. “Where are we going?” I ask brightly, changing the subject. “To celebrate.” Christian relaxes. Oh! “Celebrate what, the house?” “Have you forgotten already? Your acting editor role.” “Oh yes.” I grin. Unbelievably, I had forgotten. “Where?” “Up high at my club.” “Your club?” “Yes. One of them.”
The Mile High Club is on the seventy-sixth floor of Columbia Tower, higher even than Christian’s apartment. It’s very now and has the most head-spinning views over Seattle. “Cristal, ma’am?” Christian hands me a glass of chilled champagne as I sit perched on a barstool. “Why thank you, sir.” I stress the last word flirtatiously, batting my eyelashes at him deliberately. He gazes at me and his face darkens. “Are you flirting with me, Miss Steele?” “Yes, Mr. Grey, I am. What are you going to do about it?” “I’m sure I can think of something,” he says, his voice low. “Come—our table’s ready.” As we approach the table, Christian stops me, his hand on my elbow. “Go and take your panties off,” he whispers. Oh? A delicious tingle runs down my spine. “Go,” he commands quietly. Whoa, what? I blink up at him. He’s not smiling—he’s dead serious. Every muscle below my waistline tightens. I hand him my glass of champagne, turn sharply on my heel, and head for the restroom. Shit. What’s he going to do? Perhaps this club is aptly named. The restrooms are the height of modern design—all dark wood, black granite, and pools of light from strategically placed halogens. In the privacy of the stall, I smirk as I divest myself of my underwear. Again I’m grateful I changed into the navy blue shift dress. I thought it appropriate attire to meet the good Dr. Flynn—I hadn’t expected the evening to take this unexpected course. I am excited already. Why does he affect me so? I slightly resent how easily I fall under his spell. I know now that we won’t be spending the evening talking through all our issues and recent events... but how can I resist him? Checking my appearance in the mirror, I am bright-eyed and flushed with excitement. Issues schmissues. I take a deep breath and head back out into the club. I mean, it’s not as if I haven’t gone panty less before. My inner goddess is draped in a pink feather boa and diamonds, strutting her stuff in fuck-me shoes. Christian stands politely when I return to the table, his expression unreadable. He looks his usual perfect, cool, calm, and collected self. Of course, I now know differently. “Sit beside me,” he says. I slide into the seat and he sits. “I’ve ordered for you. I hope you don’t mind.” He hands me my half-finished glass of champagne, regarding me intently and under his scrutiny, my blood heats anew. He rests his hands on his thighs. I tense and part my legs slightly.
The waiter arrives with a dish of oysters on crushed ice. Oysters. The memory of the two of us in the private dining room at the Heathman fills my mind. We were discussing his contract. Oh boy. We’ve come a long way since then. “I think you liked oysters last time you tried them.” His voice is low, seductive. “Only time I’ve tried them.” I’m all breathy, my voice exposing me. His lips twitch with a smile. “Oh, Miss Steele—when will you learn?” he muses. He takes an oyster from the dish and lifts his other hand from his thigh. I flinch in anticipation, but he reaches for a slice of lemon. “Learn what?” I ask. Jeez, my pulse is racing. His long, skilled fingers gently squeeze the lemon over the shellfish. “Eat,” he says, holding the shell close to my mouth. I part my lips, and he gently places the shell on my bottom lip. “Tip your head back slowly,” he murmurs. I do as he asks and the oyster slips down my throat. He doesn’t touch me, only the shell. Christian helps himself to one, then feeds me another. We continue this tortuous routine until all twelve are gone. His skin never connects with mine. It’s driving me crazy. “Still like oysters?” he asks as I swallow the final one. I nod, flushed, craving his touch. “Good.” I squirm in my seat. Why is this so hot? He puts his hand casually on his own thigh again, and I melt. Now. Please. Touch me. My inner goddess is on her knees, naked except for her panties—begging. He runs his hand up and down his thigh, lifts it, then places it back where it was. The waiter tops up our champagne glasses and whisks away our plates. Moments later he’s back with our entrée, sea bass—I don’t believe it—served with asparagus, sautéed potatoes, and a hollandaise sauce. “A favorite of yours, Mr. Grey?” “Most definitely, Miss Steele. Though I believe it was cod at the Heathman.” His hand moves up and down his thigh. My breathing spikes, but still he doesn’t touch me. It’s so frustrating. I try to concentrate on our conversation. “I seem to remember we were in a private dining room then, discussing contracts.”
“Happy days,” he says, smirking. “This time I hope to get to fuck you.” He moves his hand to pick up his knife. Gah! He takes a bite out of his sea bass. He’s doing this on purpose. “Don’t count on it,” I mutter with a pout and he glances at me, amused. “Speaking of contracts,” I add. “The NDA.” “Tear it up,” he says simply. Whoa. “What? Really?” “Yes.” “You’re sure I’m not going to run to the Seattle Times with an exposé?” I tease. He laughs and it’s a wonderful sound. He looks so young. “No. I trust you. I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt.” Oh. I grin shyly at him. “Ditto,” I breathe. His eyes light up. “I’m very glad you’re wearing a dress,” he murmurs. And bam—desire courses through my already overheated blood. “Why haven’t you touched me, then?” I hiss. “Missing my touch?” he asks grinning. He’s amused... the bastard. “Yes,” I seethe. “Eat,” he orders. “You’re not going to touch me, are you?” “No.” He shakes his head. What? I gasp out loud. “Just imagine how you’ll feel when we’re home,” he whispers. “I can’t wait to get you home.” “It will be your fault if I combust here on the seventy-sixth floor,” I mutter through gritted teeth.
“Oh, Anastasia. We’d find a way to put the fire out,” he says, grinning salaciously at me. Fuming, I dig into my sea bass, and my inner goddess narrows her eyes in quiet, devious contemplation. We can play this game, too. I learned the basics during our meal at the Heathman. I take a bite out of my sea bass. It is melt-in-the-mouth delicious. I close my eyes, savoring the taste. When I open them, I begin my seduction of Christian Grey, very slowly hitching my skirt up, exposing more of my thighs. Christian pauses momentarily, a forkful of fish suspended midair. Touch me. After a beat, he resumes eating. I take another bite of sea bass, ignoring him. Then, putting down my knife, I run my fingers up the inside of my lower thigh, lightly tapping my skin with my fingertips. It’s distracting even to me, especially as I am craving his touch. Christian pauses once more. “I know what you’re doing.” His voice is low and husky. “I know that you know, Mr. Grey,” I reply softly. “That’s the point.” I pick up an asparagus stalk, gaze sideways at him from beneath my lashes, then dip the asparagus into the hollandaise sauce, swirling the tip round and round. “You’re not turning the tables on me, Miss Steele.” Smirking he reaches over and takes the spear from me—amazingly and annoyingly managing not to touch me again. No, this isn’t right—this is not going according to plan. Gah! “Open your mouth,” he commands. I am losing this battle of wills. I glance up at him again, and his eyes blaze bright gray. Parting my lips a fraction I run my tongue across my lower lip. Christian smiles and his eyes darken further. “Wider,” he breathes, his lips parting so that I can see his tongue. I groan inwardly and bite my bottom lip, then do as he asks. I hear his sharp intake of breath—he’s not so immune. Good, I am finally getting to him. My inner goddess fist-pumps the air above her chaise longue. Keeping my eyes locked on his, I take the spear in my mouth, and suck, gently... delicately... on the end. The hollandaise sauce is mouthwatering. I bite down, moaning quietly in appreciation. Christian closes his eyes. Yes! When he opens them again, his pupils have dilated. The effect on me is immediate. I groan and reach out to touch his thigh. To my surprise, he uses his other hand to grab my wrist. “Oh, no you don’t, Miss Steele,” he murmurs softly. Raising my hand to his mouth, he gently brushes my knuckles with his lips, and I squirm. Finally! More, please.
“Don’t touch,” he scolds me quietly, and places my hand back on my knee. It’s so frustrating—this brief unsatisfactory contact. “You don’t play fair.” I pout. “I know.” He picks up his champagne glass to propose a toast, and I mirror his actions. “Congratulations on your promotion, Miss Steele.” We clink glasses and I blush. “Yes, kind of unexpected,” I mutter. He frowns as if some unpleasant thought has crossed his mind. “Eat,” he orders. “I am not taking you home until you’ve finished your meal, and then we can really celebrate.” His expression is so heated, so raw, so commanding. I am melting. “I’m not hungry. Not for food.” He shakes his head, thoroughly enjoying himself, but narrows his eyes at me just the same. “Eat, or I’ll put you across my knee, right here, and we’ll entertain the other diners.” His words make me squirm. He wouldn’t dare! He and his twitchy palm. I press my mouth into a hard line and stare at him. Picking up an asparagus stalk, he dips the head into the hollandaise. “Eat this,” he murmurs, his voice low and seductive. I willingly comply. “You really don’t eat enough. You’ve lost weight since I’ve known you.” His tone is gentle. I don’t want to think about my weight; truth is, I like being this slim. I swallow the asparagus. “I just want to go home and make love,” I mutter disconsolately. Christian grins. “So do I, and we will. Eat up.” Reluctantly, I turn back to my food and start to eat. Honestly, I’ve taken my panties off and everything. I feel like a child who has been denied candy. He is such a tease, a delicious, hot, naughty tease, and all mine. He quizzes me about Ethan. As it turns out, Christian does business with Kate and Ethan’s father. Hmm... it’s small world. I’m relieved he doesn’t mention Dr. Flynn or the house as I’m finding it difficult to concentrate on our conversation. I want to go home. The carnal anticipation is unfurling between us. He’s so good at this. Making me wait. Setting the scene. Between bites, he places his hand on his thigh, so close to mine, but still doesn’t touch me just to tease me further.
Bastard! Finally I finish my food, and place my knife and fork on the plate. “Good girl,” he murmurs, and those two words hold so much promise. I frown at him. “What now?” I ask, desire clawing at my belly.Oh, I want this man. “Now? We leave. I believe you have certain expectations, Miss Steele. Which I intend to fulfill to the best of my ability.” Whoa! “The best... of your a... bil... ity?” I stutter. Holy shit. He grins and stands. “Don’t we have to pay?” I ask, breathless. He cocks his head to one side. “I am a member here. They’ll bill me. Come, Anastasia, after you.” He steps aside, and I stand to leave, conscious that I am not wearing my panties. He gazes at me darkly, like he’s undressing me, and I glory in his carnal appraisal. It just makes me feel so sexy—this beautiful man desires me. Will I always get a kick out of this? Deliberately stopping in front of him, I smooth my dress over my hips. Christian whispers in my ear, “I can’t wait to get you home.” But he still doesn’t touch me. On the way out he murmurs something about the car to the maître d’, but I’m not listening, my inner goddess is incandescent with anticipation. Jeez, she could light up Seattle. Waiting by the elevators, we are joined by two middle-aged couples. When the doors open, Christian takes my elbow and steers me to the back. I glance around, and we’re surrounded by dark smoked-glass mirrors. As the other couples enter, one man in a rather unflattering brown suit greets Christian. “Grey,” he nods politely. Christian nods in return but is silent. The couples stand in front of us, facing the elevator doors. They are obviously friends—the women chat loudly, excited and animated after their meal. I think they’re all a little tipsy. As the doors close, Christian briefly stoops down beside me to tie his shoelace. Odd, his shoelaces aren’t undone. Discreetly he places his hand on my ankle, startling me, and as he stands his hand travels swiftly up my leg, skating deliciously over my skin—whoa—right up. I have to stifle my gasp of surprise as his hand reaches my backside. Christian moves behind me. Oh my. I gape at the people in front of us, staring at the backs of their heads. They have no idea what we’re up to. Wrapping his free arm around my waist, Christian pulls me to him, holding me in place as his fingers explore. Holy fucking shit... in here? The elevator travels smoothly down, stopping at the fifty-
third floor to let some more people on, but I am not paying attention. I am focused on every little move his fingers make. Circling around... now moving forward, questing, as we shuffle back. Again I stifle a groan when his fingers find their goal. “Always so ready, Miss Steele,” he whispers as he slips a long finger inside me. I squirm and gasp. How can he do this with all these people here? “Keep still and quiet,” he warns, murmuring in my ear. I’m flushed, warm, wanting, trapped in an elevator with seven people, six of them oblivious to what’s occurring in the corner. His finger slides in and out of me, again and again. My breathing. Jeez, it’s embarrassing. I want to tell him to stop... and continue... and stop. I sag against him, and he tightens his arm around me, his erection against my hip. We halt again at the forty-fourth floor. Oh... how long is this torture going to continue? In... out... in... out... Subtly I grind myself against his persistent finger. After all this time of not touching me, he chooses now! Here! And it makes me feel so—wanton. “Hush,” he breathes, seemingly unaffected as yet two more people come aboard. The elevator is getting crowded. Christian moves us both farther back so that we’re now pressed into the corner, holding me in place and torturing me further. He nuzzles my hair. I’m sure we look like a young couple in love, canoodling in the corner, if anyone could be bothered to turn round and see what we’re doing... And he eases a second finger inside me. Fuck! I groan, and I’m thankful that the gaggle of people in front of us are still chatting away, totally oblivious. Oh, Christian, what you do to me. I lean my head against his chest, closing my eyes and surrendering to his unrelenting fingers. “Don’t come,” he whispers. “I want that later.” He splays his hand out on my belly, pressing down slightly, as he continues his sweet persecution. The feeling is exquisite. Finally the elevator reaches the first floor. With a loud ping the doors open, and almost instantly the passengers start exiting. Christian slowly slips his fingers out of me and kisses the back of my head. I glance round at him, and he smiles, then nods again at Mr. Badly-fitted-brown-suit who returns his nod of acknowledgment as he shuffles out of the elevator with his wife. I barely notice, concentrating instead on staying upright and trying to manage my panting. Jeez, I feel aching and bereft. Christian releases me, leaving me to stand on my own two feet without leaning on him. Turning, I gaze up at him. He looks cool and unruffled, his usual composed self. Hmm... This is so not fair. “Ready?” he asks. His eyes gleam wickedly as he slips first his index, then his middle finger into his mouth and sucks on them. “Mighty fine, Miss Steele,” he whispers. I nearly convulse on the spot. “I can’t believe you just did that,” I murmur, and I’m practically coming apart at the seams.
“You’d be surprised what I can do, Miss Steele,” he says. Reaching out, he tucks a lock of hair behind my ear, a slight smile betraying his amusement. “I want to get you home, but maybe we’ll only make it as far as the car.” He grins down at me as he takes my hand and leads me out of the elevator. What! Sex in the car? Can’t we just do it here on the cool marble of the lobby floor... please? “Come.” “Yes, I want to.” “Miss Steele!” he admonishes me with mock-amused horror. “I’ve never had sex in a car,” I mumble. Christian halts and places those same fingers under my chin, tipping my head back and glaring down at me. “I’m very pleased to hear that. I have to say I’d be very surprised, not to say mad, if you had.” I flush, blinking up at him. Of course, I’ve only had sex with him. I frown at him. “That’s not what I meant.” “What did you mean?” His tone is unexpectedly harsh. “Christian, it was just an expression.” “The famous expression, ‘I’ve never had sex in a car.’ Yes, it just trips off the tongue.” Jeez... what’s his problem? “Christian, I wasn’t thinking. For heaven’s sake, you’ve just... um, donethat to me in an elevator full of people. My wits are scattered.” He raises his eyebrows. “What did I do to you?” he challenges. I scowl at him. He wants me to say it. “You turned me on, big time. Now take me home and fuck me.” His mouth drops open then he laughs, surprised. Now he looks young and carefree. Oh, to hear him laugh. I love it because it’s so rare. “You’re a born romantic, Miss Steele.” He takes my hand, and we head out of the building to where the valet stands by my Saab. “So you want sex in a car,” Christian murmurs as he switches on the ignition.
“Quite frankly, I would have been happy with the lobby floor.” “Trust me, Ana, so would I. But I don’t fancy being arrested at this time of night, and I didn’t want to fuck you in a restroom. Well, not today.” What! “You mean there was a possibility?” “Oh yes.” “Let’s go back.” He turns to gaze at me and laughs. His laughter is infectious; soon we’re both laughing—wonderful, cathartic, head-held-back laughter. Reaching over, he places his hand on my knee, caressing it gently with long skilled fingers. I stop laughing. “Patience, Anastasia,” he murmurs and pulls into the Seattle traffic. He parks the Saab in the Escala garage and turns off the engine. Suddenly, in the confines of the car, the atmosphere between us changes. With wanton anticipation, I glance at him, trying to contain my palpitating heart. He’s turned toward me, leaning against the door, his elbow propped on the steering wheel. He pulls his lower lip with his thumb and index finger. His mouth is so distracting. I want it on me. He’s watching me intently, his eyes dark gray. My mouth goes dry. He smiles a slow sexy smile. “We will fuck in the car at a time and place of my choosing. Right now, I want to take you on every available surface of my apartment.” It’s like he’s addressing me below the waist... my inner goddess performs four arabesques and a pas de Basque. “Yes.” Jeez, I sound so breathy, desperate. He leans forward a fraction. I close my eyes, waiting for his kiss, thinking—finally. But nothing happens. After a moment, I open my eyes to find him gazing at me. I can’t figure out what he’s thinking, but before I can say anything, he distracts me once more. “If I kiss you now we won’t make it into the apartment. Come.” Gah! Could this man be any more frustrating? He climbs out of the car. Once again, we wait for the elevator, my body thrumming with anticipation. Christian holds my hand, running his thumb rhythmically across my knuckles, each stroke echoing through me. Oh, I want his hands on all of me. He’s tortured me long enough. “So, what happened to instant gratification?” I murmur while we wait.
Christian smirks down at me. “It’s not appropriate in every situation, Anastasia.” “Since when?” “Since this evening.” “Why are you torturing me so?” “Tit for tat, Miss Steele.” “How am I torturing you?” “I think you know.” I gaze up at him and his expression is difficult to read. He wants my answer... that’s it. “I’m into delayed gratification, too,” I whisper, smiling shyly. He tugs my hand unexpectedly, and suddenly I am in his arms. He grabs the hair at the nape of my neck, pulling gently so my head tips back. “What can I do to make you say yes?” he asks fervently, throwing me off balance once more. I blink at him—at his lovely, serious, desperate expression. “Give me some time? Please,” I murmur. He groans and finally he kisses me, long and hard. Then we’re in the elevator, and we’re all hands and mouths and tongues and lips and fingers and hair. Desire, thick and strong, lances through my blood, clouding all my reason. He pushes me against the wall, pinning me with his hips, one hand in my hair, the other at my chin, holding me in place. “You own me,” he whispers. “My fate is in your hands, Ana.” His words are intoxicating, and in my overheated state, I want to rip off his clothes. I push off his jacket, and as the elevator arrives at the apartment, we tumble out into the foyer. Christian pins me to the wall by the elevator, his jacket falling to the floor, and his hand travels up my leg, his lips never leaving mine. He hoists up my dress. “First surface here,” he breathes and abruptly he lifts me. “Wrap your legs around me.” I do as I’m told, and he turns and lays me down on the foyer table, so he’s standing between my legs. I’m aware that the usual vase of flowers is missing. Huh? Reaching into his jeans pocket, he fishes out a foil packet and hands it to me, undoing his fly. “Do you know how much you turn me on?”
“What?” I pant. “No... I...” “Well, you do,” he mutters, “all the time.” He grabs the foil packet from my hands. Oh, this is so quick, but after all his tantalizing teasing, I want him badly—right now. He gazes down at me as he rolls on the condom, then puts his hands under my thighs, spreading my legs wider. Positioning himself, he pauses. “Keep your eyes open. I want to see you,” he whispers and clasping both my hands with his, he sinks slowly into me. I try, I really do, but the feeling is so exquisite. What I’ve been waiting for after all his teasing. Oh, the fullness, this feeling... I groan and arch my back off the table. “Open!” he growls, tightening his hands on mine and thrusting sharply into me so that I cry out. I blink my eyes open, and he stares down at me wide-eyed. Slowly he withdraws then sinks into me once more, his mouth slackening and then forming an Ah..., but he says nothing. Seeing his arousal, his reaction to me—I light up inside, my blood scorching through my veins. His gray eyes burn into mine. He picks up the rhythm, and I revel in it, glory in it, watching him, watching me—his passion, hislove—as we come apart, together. I call out as I explode around him, and Christian follows. “Yes, Ana!” he cries. He collapses on me, releasing my hands and resting his head on my chest. My legs are still wrapped around him, and under the patient, maternal eyes of the Madonna paintings, I cradle his head against me and struggle to catch my breath. He raises his head to look at me. “I’m not finished with you yet,” he murmurs and leaning up, he kisses me. I lie naked in Christian’s bed, sprawled over his chest, panting. Holy cow—does his energy ever wane? Christian trails his fingers up and down my back. “Satisfied, Miss Steele?” I murmur my assent. I have no energy left for talking. Raising my head, I turn unfocused eyes to him and bask in his warm, fond gaze. Very deliberately, I angle my head down so he knows I am going to kiss his chest. He tenses momentarily, and I plant a soft kiss in his chest hair, breathing in his unique Christian smell, mixed with sweat and sex. It’s heady. He rolls onto his side so I’m lying beside him and gazes down at me. “Is sex like this for everyone? I’m surprised anyone ever goes out,” I murmur, feeling suddenly shy. He grins. “I can’t speak for everyone, but it’s pretty damned special with you, Anastasia.” He bends and kisses me.
“That’s because you’re pretty damned special, Mr. Grey,” I agree, smiling up at him and caressing his face. He blinks down at me at a loss. “It’s late. Go to sleep,” he says. He kisses me, then lies down and pulls me to him so we’re spooning in bed. “You don’t like compliments.” “Go to sleep, Anastasia.” Hmm... But he is pretty damned special. Jeez... why doesn’t he realize this? “I loved the house,” I murmur. He says nothing for a moment, but I sense his grin. “I love you. Go to sleep.” He nuzzles my hair, and I drift into sleep, safe in his arms, dreaming of sunsets and French doors and wide staircases... and a small copper-haired boy running through a meadow, laughing and giggling as I chase him. “Gotta go, baby.” Christian kisses me just below my ear. I open my eyes and it’s morning. I turn to face him, but he’s up and dressed and fresh and delicious, leaning over me. “What time is it?” Oh no... I don’t want to be late. “Don’t panic. I have a breakfast meeting.” He rubs his nose against mine. “You smell good,” I murmur, stretching out beneath him, my limbs pleasurably tight and creaky from all our exploits yesterday. I wrap my arms around his neck. “Don’t go.” He cocks his head to one side and raises his eyebrow. “Miss Steele—are you trying to keep a man from an honest day’s work?” I nod sleepily at him, and he smiles his new shy smile. “As tempting as you are, I have to go.” He kisses me and stands. He’s wearing a really sharp dark navy suit, white shirt and navy tie, and he looks every inch the CEO... the hot CEO. “Laters, baby,” he murmurs and he’s off.
Glancing at the clock I note it’s already seven—I must have slept through the alarm. Well, time to get up. In the shower, inspiration hits me. I’ve thought of another birthday present for Christian. It’s so difficult to buy something for the man who has everything. I’ve already given him my main present, and I still have the other item I bought at the tourist shop, but this is one present that will really be for me. I hug myself in anticipation as I switch off the shower. I just have to prepare it. In the walk-in closet, I put on a dark red fitted dress with a square neckline, cut quite low. Yes, this will do for work. Now for Christian’s present. I start rummaging through his drawers, looking for his ties. In the bottom drawer I find those faded, ripped jeans, the ones he wears in the playroom—the ones he looks so hot in. I stroke them gently, using my whole hand. Oh my, the material is so soft. Beneath them, I find a large, black, flat cardboard box. It piques my interest immediately. What’s in here? I stare at it, feeling like I’m trespassing again. Taking it out, I shake it. It’s heavy as if it holds papers or manuscripts. I cannot resist, I open the lid—and quickly shut it again. Holy fuck—photographs from the Red Room. The shock makes me sit back on my heels as I try to wipe the image from my brain. Why did I open the box? Why has he kept them? I shudder. My subconscious scowls at me—this is before you. Forget them. She’s right. Standing up I notice his ties are hanging at the end of his clothes rail. I find my favorite and exit quickly. I try to tell myself those photos are BA—Before Ana. My subconscious nods with approval, but it’s with a heavier heart that I head into the main room for breakfast. Mrs. Jones smiles at me warmly and then frowns. “Everything all right, Ana?” she asks kindly. “Yes,” I murmur, distracted. “Do you have a key to the... um, playroom?” She pauses momentarily, surprised. “Yes, of course.” She unclips a small bunch of keys from her belt. “What would you like for breakfast, dear?” she asks as she hands me the keys. “Just granola. I won’t be long.” I feel more ambivalent about this gift now but only since the discovery of those photographs. Nothing’s changed, my subconscious barks at me again, glaring at me over her half-moon winged glasses. That picture was hot, my inner goddess chips in, and mentally I scowl at her. Yes it was—too hot for me. What else does he have hidden away? Quickly I ferret through the museum chest, take what I need, and lock the playroom door behind me. Wouldn’t do for José to discover this!
I hand the keys back to Mrs. Jones and sit down to devour my breakfast, feeling odd that Christian is absent. The photograph image dances unwelcome around my mind. I wonder who it was? Leila perhaps? On my drive in to work, I debate whether or not to tell Christian I found his photographs. No, screams my subconscious, her Edvard Munch face on. I decide she’s probably right. As I sit down at my desk, my Blackberry buzzes. From: Christian Grey Subject: Surfaces Date: June 17, 2011 08:59 To: Anastasia Steele I calculate that there are at least 30 surfaces to go. I am looking forward to each and every one of them. Then there’s the floors, the walls—and let’s not forget the balcony. After that there’s my office... Miss you. x Christian Grey Priapic CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His e-mail makes me smile, and all my earlier reservations evaporate. It’s me he wants now, and memories of last night’s sexcapades flood my mind... the elevator, the foyer, the bed. Priapic is right. I wonder idly what the female equivalent might be? From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Romance? Date: June 17, 2011 09:03 To: Christian Grey Mr. GreyYou have a one-track mind. I missed you at breakfast But Mrs. Jones was very accommodating. Ax
From: Christian Grey Subject: Intrigued Date: June 17, 2011 09:07 To: Anastasia Steele What was Mrs. Jones accommodating about? What are you up to Miss Steele? Christian Grey Curious CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. How does he know? From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Tapping Nose Date: June 17, 2011 09:10 To: Christian Grey Wait and see—it’s a surprise. I need to work... let me be. Love you. Ax From: Christian Grey Subject: Frustrated Date: June 17, 2011 09:12 To: Anastasia Steele I hate it when you keep things from me.
Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I stare at the small screen of my Blackberry. The vehemence implicit in his e-mail takes me by surprise. Why does he feel like this? It’s not like I’m hiding erotic photographs of my exes. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Indulging you Date: June 17, 2011 09:14 To: Christian Grey It’s for your birthday. Another surprise. Don’t be so petulant. Ax He doesn’t reply immediately, and I’m called into a meeting so I can’t dwell on it for too long. When I next glance at my Blackberry, to my horror I realize it’s four in the afternoon. Where has the day gone? Still no message from Christian. I decide to e-mail him again. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Hello Date: June 17, 2011 16:03 To: Christian Grey Are you not talking to me? Don’t forget I am going for a drink with José, and that he’s staying with us tonight. Please rethink about joining us. Ax He doesn’t reply, and I feel a frisson of unease. I hope he’s okay. Calling his mobile, I get his voicemail. The announcement simply says Grey, leave a message in his most clipped tone. “Hi... um... it’s me. Ana. Are you okay? Call me,” I stutter through my message. I’ve never had to leave one for him before. I flush as I hang up. Of course he’ll know it’s you, idiot! My subconscious rolls her
eyes at me. I am tempted to ring his PA Andrea but decide that’s a step too far. Reluctantly I continue my work. My phone rings unexpectedly and my heart jumps. Christian! But no—it’s Kate, my best friend finally! “Ana!” she shouts from wherever she is. “Kate! Are you back? I’ve missed you.” “Me, too. I have so much to tell you. We’re at Sea-Tac—me and my man.” She giggles in a most un-Katelike way. “Cool. I have so much to tell you, too.” “See you back at the apartment?” “I’m having drinks with José. Join us.” “José’s in town? Sure! Text me where.” “Okay.” I beam. My best friend is home. After all this time! “You good, Ana?” “Yeah, I’m fine.” “Still with Christian?” “Yes.” “Good. Laters!” Oh, not her as well. Elliot’s influence knows no bounds. “Yeah—laters, baby.” I grin and she hangs up. Wow. Kate is home. How am I going to tell her all that has happened? I should write it down so I don’t forget anything. An hour later my office phone rings—Christian? No, it’s Claire. “You should see the guy asking for you in reception. How come you know all these hot guys, Ana?” José must be here. I glance at the clock—it’s five fifty-five, and a small thrill of excitement pulses through me. I haven’t seen him in ages. “Ana, wow! You look great. So grown up.” He grins at me.
Just because I’m wearing a smart dress... jeez! He hugs me hard. “And tall,” he mutters in amazement. “It’s just the shoes, José. You don’t look so bad yourself.” He’s wearing jeans, a black T-shirt, and a black and white check flannel shirt. “I’ll grab my things and we can go.” “Cool. I’ll wait here.” I pick up two Rolling Rocks from the crowded bar and head over to the table where José is seated. “You found Christian’s place okay?” “Yeah. I haven’t been inside. I just delivered the photos to the service elevator. Some guy named Taylor took them up. Looks like quite a place.” “It is. You should see inside.” “Can’t wait. Salud, Ana. Seattle agrees with you.” I flush as we clink bottles. It’s Christian that agrees with me. “Salud. Tell me about your show and how it went.” He beams and launches into the story. He sold all but three of his photos, which has taken care of his student loans and left him some cash to spare. “And I’ve been commissioned to do some landscapes for the Portland Tourist Authority. Pretty cool, huh?” he finishes proudly. “Oh José—that’s wonderful. Not interfering with your studies though?” I frown at him. “Nah. Now that you guys have gone and three of the guys I used to hang out with, I have more time.” “No hot babe to keep you busy? Last time I saw you, you had half a dozen women hanging on your every word.” I arch an eyebrow at him. “Nah, Ana. None of them are woman enough for me.” He’s all bravado. “Oh sure. José Rodriguez, lady killer.” I giggle. “Hey—I have my moments, Steele.” He looks vaguely hurt, and I am chastened. “Sure you do.” I mollify him.
“So, how’s Grey?” he asks, his tone changing, becoming cooler. “He’s good. We’re good,” I murmur. “Serious, you say?” “Yes. Serious.” “He’s not too old for you?” “Oh José. You know what my mom says—I was born old.” José’s mouth twists wryly. “How is your mom?” And like that, we are out of the danger zone. “Ana!” I turn and there’s Kate with Ethan. She looks gorgeous: sun-kissed, bleached strawberry-blond hair, golden tan, and beaming white smile, and so shapely in her white cami and tight white jeans. All eyes are on Kate. I leap up from my seat to give her a hug. Oh how I’ve missed this woman! She pushes me away from her and holds me at arm’s length, examining me closely. I flush under her intense gaze. “You’ve lost weight. A lot of weight. And you look different. Grown up. What’s been going on?” she says, all mother hen, concerned and bossy. “I like your dress. Suits you.” “A lot’s happened since you went away. I’ll tell you later when we’re on our own.” I am not ready for the Katherine Kavanagh Inquisition just yet. She regards me suspiciously. “You’re okay?” she asks gently. “Yes,” I smile, though I’d be happier knowing where Christian is. “Cool.” “Hi, Ethan.” I grin at him, and he gives me a quick hug. “Hi, Ana,” he whispers in my ear. José frowns at him. “How was lunch with Mia?” I ask Ethan. “Interesting,” he says cryptically.
Oh? “Ethan—you know José?” “We’ve met once,” José mutters, assessing Ethan as they shake hands. “Yeah, at Kate’s place in Vancouver,” Ethan says, smiling pleasantly at José. “Right—who’s for a drink?” I make my way to the restrooms. While there I text Christian our location; perhaps he’ll join us. There are no missed calls from him and no e-mails. This is not like him. “Whassup, Ana?” José asks as I come back to the table. “I can’t reach Christian. I hope he’s okay.” “He’ll be fine. Like another beer?” “Sure.” Kate leans across. “Ethan says some mad stalker ex-girlfriend was in the apartment with a gun?” “Well... yeah.” I shrug apologetically. Oh jeez—do we have to do this now? “Ana—what the hell’s been going on?” Kate stops abruptly and checks her phone. “Hi, baby,” she says when she answers it. Baby! She frowns and looks at me. “Sure,” she says and turns to me. “It’s Elliot... he wants to talk to you.” “Ana.” Elliot’s voice is clipped and quiet, and my scalp prickles ominously. “What’s wrong?” “It’s Christian. He’s not back from Portland.” “What? What do you mean?” “His helicopter has gone missing.” “Charlie Tango?” I whisper as all the breath leaves my body. “No!”
I stare at the flames, mesmerized. They dance and weave bright blazing orange with tips of cobalt blue in the fireplace in Christian’s apartment. And despite the heat pumping out of the fire and the blanket draped around my shoulders, I’m cold. Bone-chillingly cold. I’m aware of hushed voices, many hushed voices. But they’re in the background, a distant buzz. I don’t hear the words. All I can hear, all I can focus on, is the soft hiss of the gas from the fire. My thoughts turn to the house we saw yesterday and the huge fireplaces—real fireplaces for burning wood. I’d like to make love with Christian in front of a real fire. I’d like to make love with Christian in front of this fire. Yes, that would be fun. No doubt, he’d think of some way to make it memorable like all the times we’ve made love. I snort wryly to myself, even the times when we were just fucking. Yes, those were pretty memorable, too. Where is he? The flames shimmy and flicker, holding me captive, keeping me numb. I focus solely on their flaring, scorching beauty. They are bewitching. Anastasia, you’ve bewitched me. He said that the first time he slept with me in my bed. Oh no... I wrap my arms around myself, and the world falls away from me and reality bleeds into my consciousness. The creeping emptiness inside expands some more. Charlie Tango is missing. “Ana. Here,” Mrs. Jones gently coaxes me, her voice bringing me back into the room, into the now, into the anguish. She hands me a cup of tea. I take the cup and saucer gratefully, the rattle betraying my shaking hands. “Thank you,” I whisper, my voice hoarse from unshed tears and the large lump in my throat.
Mia sits across from me on the larger-than-large U-shaped couch, holding hands with Grace. They gaze at me, pain and anxiety etched on their lovely faces. Grace looks older—a mother worried for her son. I blink dispassionately at them. I can’t offer a reassuring smile, a tear even—there’s nothing, just blankness and the growing emptiness. I gaze at Elliot, José, and Ethan, who stand around the breakfast bar, all serious faces, talking quietly. Discussing something in soft subdued voices. Behind them, Mrs. Jones busies herself in the kitchen. Kate is in the TV room, monitoring the local news. I hear the faint squawk from the big plasma TV. I can’t bear to see the news item again—christian grey missing—his beautiful face on TV. Idly, it occurs to me that I’ve never seen so many people in this room, yet they are still dwarfed by its sheer size. Little islands of lost, anxious people in my Fifty’s home. What would he think about them being here? Somewhere, Taylor and Carrick are talking to the authorities who are drip-feeding us information, but it’s all meaningless. The fact is—he’s missing. He’s been missing for eight hours. No sign, no word from him. The search has been called off—this much I do know. It’s just too dark. And we don’t know where he is. He could be hurt, hungry, or worse. No! I offer another silent prayer to God. Please let Christian be okay. Please let Christian be okay. I repeat it over and over in my head—my mantra, my lifeline, something concrete to cling to in my desperation. I refuse to think the worst. No, don’t go there. There is hope. “You’re my lifeline.” Christian’s words come back to haunt me. Yes, there is always hope. I must not despair. His words echo through my mind. “I’m now a firm advocate of instant gratification. Carpe diem, Ana.” Why didn’t I seize the day? “I’m doing this because I’ve finally met someone I want to spend the rest of my life with.” I close my eyes in silent prayer, rocking gently. Please, let the rest of his life not be this short. Please, please. We haven’t had enough time... we need more time. We’ve done so much in the last few weeks, come so far. It can’t end. All our tender moments: the lipstick, when he made love to me for the first time at the Olympic hotel, on his knees in front of me offering himself to me, finally touching him. “I am just the same, Ana. I love you and I need you. Touch me. Please.” Oh, I love him so. I will be nothing without him, nothing but a shadow—all the light eclipsed. No, no, no... my poor Christian. “This is me, Ana. All of me... and I’m all yours. What do I have to do to make you realize that? To make you see that I want you any way I can get you. That I love you.”
And I you, my Fifty Shades. I open my eyes and gaze unseeing into the fire once more, memories of our time together flitting through my mind: his boyish joy when we were sailing and gliding; his suave, sophisticated, hot-as-hell look at the masked ball; dancing, oh yes, dancing here in the apartment to Sinatra, whirling round the room; his quiet, anxious hope yesterday at the house—that stunning view. “I will lay my world at your feet, Anastasia. I want you, body and soul, forever.” Oh, please, let him be okay. He cannot be gone. He is the center of my universe. An involuntary sob escapes my throat, and I clutch my hand to my mouth. No. I must be strong. José is suddenly at my side, or has he been there a while? I have no idea. “Do you want to call your mom or dad?” he asks gently. No! I shake my head and clutch José’s hand. I cannot speak, I know I will dissolve if I do, but the warmth and gentle squeeze of his hand offers me no solace. Oh, Mom. My lip trembles at the thought of my mother. Should I call her? No. I couldn’t deal with her reaction. Maybe Ray, he wouldn’t get emotional—he never gets emotional, not even when the Mariners lose. Grace rises to join the boys, distracting me. That must be the longest she’s sat still. Mia comes to sit beside me too and grabs my other hand. “He will come back,” she says, her voice initially determined but cracking on the last word. Her eyes are wide and red-rimmed, her face pale and pinched from lack of sleep. I gaze up at Ethan, who is watching Mia and Elliot, who has his arms around Grace. I glance at the clock. It’s after eleven, heading toward midnight. Damn time! With each passing hour, the clawing emptiness expands, consuming me, choking me. I know deep down inside I am preparing myself, preparing myself for the worst. I close my eyes and offer up another silent prayer, clasping both Mia and José’s hands. Opening them again, I stare into the flames once more. I can see his shy smile—my favorite of all his expressions, a glimpse of the real Christian, my real Christian. He is so many people: control freak, CEO, stalker, sex god, Dom—and at the same time—such a boy with his toys. I smile. His car, his boat, his plane... Charlie Tango... no... no... my lost boy, truly lost right now. My smile fades and pain lances through me. I remember him in the shower, wiping away the lipstick marks. “I’m nothing, Anastasia. I’m a husk of a man. I don’t have a heart.” The lump in my throat expands. Oh, Christian, you do, you do have a heart, and it’s mine. I want to cherish it forever. Even though he’s so complex and difficult, I love him. I will always love him. There will never be anyone else. Ever.
I remember sitting in Starbucks weighing up my Christian pros and cons. All those cons, even those photographs I found this morning, melt into insignificance now. There’s just him and whether he’ll come back. Oh please, Lord, bring him back, please let him be okay. I’ll go to church... I’ll do anything. Oh, if I get him back, I shall seize the day. His voice echoes around my head once more:“Carpe diem, Ana.” I gaze deeper into the fire, the flames still licking and curling around each other, blazing brightly. Then Grace shrieks, and everything goes into slow motion. “Christian!” I turn my head in time to see Grace barreling across the great room from where she had been pacing somewhere behind me, and there in the entrance stands a dismayed Christian. He’s dressed in just his shirtsleeves and suit pants, and he’s holding his navy jacket, shoes, and socks. He looks tired, dirty, and utterly beautiful. Holy fuck... Christian. He’s alive. I gaze numbly at him, trying to work out if I’m hallucinating or if he’s really here. His expression is one of utter bewilderment. He deposits his jacket and shoes on the floor in time to catch Grace, who throws her arms around his neck and kisses him hard on the cheek. “Mom?” Christian gazes down at her, completely at a loss. “I thought I’d never see you again,” Grace whispers, voicing our collective fear. “Mom, I’m here.” I hear the consternation in his voice. “I died a thousand deaths today,” she whispers, her voice barely audible, echoing my thoughts. She gasps and sobs, no longer able to hold back her tears. Christian frowns, horrified or mortified—I don’t know which—then after a beat, envelops her in a huge hug, holding her close. “Oh, Christian,” she chokes, wrapping her arms around him, weeping into his neck—all self-restraint forgotten—and Christian doesn’t balk. He just holds her, rocking to and fro, comforting her. Scalding tears pool in my eyes. Carrick hollers from the hallway. “He’s alive! Shit—you’re here!” He appears from Taylor’s office, clutching his cell phone, and embraces both of them, his eyes closed in sweet relief. “Dad?” Mia squeals something unintelligible from beside me, then she’s up, running, joining her parents, hugging all of them, too. Finally the tears start to cascade down my cheeks. He’s here, he’s fine. But I cannot move.
Carrick is the first to pull away, wiping his eyes and clapping Christian on the shoulder. Mia releases them and Grace steps back. “Sorry,” she mumbles. “Hey, Mom—it’s okay,” Christian says, consternation still evident on his face. “Where were you? What happened?” Grace cries and puts her head in her hands. “Mom,” Christian mutters. He draws her into his arms again and kisses the top of her head. “I’m here. I’m good. It’s just taken me a hell of a long time to get back from Portland. What’s with the welcoming committee?” He looks up and scans the room until his eyes lock with mine. He blinks and glances briefly at José, who lets go of my hand. Christian’s mouth tightens. I drink in the sight of him and relief courses through me, leaving me spent, exhausted, and completely elated. Yet my tears don’t stop. Christian turns his attention back to his mother. “Mom, I’m good. What’s wrong?” Christian says reassuringly. She places her hands on either side of his face. “Christian, you’ve been missing. Your flight plan—you never made it to Seattle. Why didn’t you contact us?” Christian’s eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “I didn’t think it would take this long.” “Why didn’t you call?” “No power in my cell.” “You didn’t stop... call collect?” “Mom—it’s a long story.” “Oh, Christian! Don’t you ever do that to me again! Do you understand?” she half shouts at him. “Yes, Mom.” He wipes her tears away with his thumb and hugs her once more. When she composes herself, he releases her to hug Mia, who slaps him hard on the chest. “You had us so worried!” she blurts out, and she, too, is in tears. “I’m here now, for heaven’s sake,” Christian mutters. As Elliot comes forward, Christian relinquishes Mia to Carrick, who already has one arm around his wife. He curls the other around his daughter. Elliot hugs Christian briefly, much to Christian’s surprise, and slaps him hard on the back. “Great to see you.” Elliot says loudly, if a little gruffly, trying to hide his emotion.
As the tears stream down my face, I can see it all. The great room is bathed in it—unconditional love. He has it in spades; he’s just never accepted it before, and even now he’s at a total loss. Look, Christian, all these people love you! Perhaps now you’ll start believing it. Kate is standing behind me—she must have left the TV room—and she gently strokes my hair. “He’s really here, Ana,” she murmurs comfortingly. “I’m going to say hi to my girl now,” Christian tells his parents. Both nod, smile, and step aside. He moves toward me, gray eyes bright though weary and still bemused. From somewhere deep inside, I find the strength to stagger to my feet and bolt into his open arms. “Christian!” I sob. “Hush,” he says and holds me, burying his face in my hair and inhaling deeply. I raise my tear-stained face to his, and he kisses me far too briefly. “Hi,” he murmurs. “Hi,” I whisper back, the lump in the back of my throat burning. “Miss me?” “A bit.” He grins. “I can tell.” And with a gentle touch of his hand, he wipes away the tears that refuse to stop running down my cheeks. “I thought... I thought—” I choke. “I can see. Hush... I’m here. I’m sorry. Later,” he murmurs and kisses me chastely again. “Are you okay?” I ask, releasing him and touching his chest, his arms, his waist—oh, the feel of this warm, vital, sensual man beneath my fingers—reassures me that he’s here, standing in front of me. He’s back. He doesn’t so much as flinch. He just regards me intently. “I’m okay. I’m not going anywhere.” “Oh, thank God,” I clasp him round his waist again, and he hugs me once more. “Are you hungry? Do you need something to drink?” “Yes.” I step back to fetch him something, but he doesn’t let me go. He tucks me under his arm and extends a hand to José.
“Mr. Grey,” says José evenly. Christian snorts. “Christian, please,” he says. “Christian, welcome back. Glad you’re okay... and um—thanks for letting me stay.” “No problem.” Christian narrows his eyes, but he’s distracted by Mrs. Jones, who is suddenly at his side. It only occurs to me now that she’s not her usual smart self. I hadn’t noticed it before. Her hair is loose, and she’s in soft gray leggings and a large gray sweatshirt that dwarfs herwith WSU Cougars emblazoned on the front. She looks years younger. “Can I get you something, Mr. Grey?” She wipes her eyes with a tissue. Christian smiles fondly at her. “A beer, please, Gail—Budvar—and a bite to eat.” “I’ll fetch it,” I murmur, wanting to do something for my man. “No. Don’t go,” he says softly, tightening his arm around me. The rest of his family close in, and Ethan and Kate join us. He shakes Ethan’s hand and gives Kate a quick peck on the cheek. Mrs. Jones returns with a bottle of beer and a glass. He takes the bottle but shakes his head at the glass. She smiles and returns to the kitchen. “Surprised you don’t want something stronger,” mutters Elliot. “So what the fuck happened to you? First I knew was when Dad called me to say the chopper was missing.” “Elliot!” Grace scolds. “Helicopter,” Christian growls, correcting Elliot, who grins, and I suspect this is a family joke. “Let’s sit and I’ll tell you.” Christian pulls me over to the couch, and everyone sits down, all eyes on Christian. He takes a long draft of his beer. He spies Taylor hovering at the entrance and nods. Taylor nods back. “Your daughter?” “She’s fine now. False alarm, sir.” “Good.” Christian smiles. Daughter? What happened to Taylor’s daughter? “Glad you’re back, sir. Will that be all?” “We have a helicopter to collect.” Taylor nods. “Now? Or will the morning do?”
“Morning, I think, Taylor.” “Very good, Mr. Grey. Anything else, sir?” Christian shakes his head and raises his bottle to him. Taylor gives him a rare smile—rarer than Christian’s, I think—and heads out presumably to his office or up to his room. “Christian, what happened?” Carrick demands. Christian launches into his story. He was flying with Ros, his number two in Charlie Tango to deal with a funding issue at WSU in Vancouver. I can barely keep up I’m so dazed. I just hold Christian’s hand and stare at his manicured fingernails, his long fingers, the creases on his knuckles, his wristwatch—an Omega with three small dials. I gaze up at his beautiful profile as he continues his tale. “Ros had never seen Mount St. Helens, so on the way back as a celebration, we took a quick detour. I heard the TFR was lifted a while back and I wanted to take a look. Well, it’s fortunate that we did. We were flying low, about two hundred feet AGL, when the instrument panel lit up. We had a fire in the tail—I had no choice but to cut all the electronics and land.” He shakes his head. “I set her down by Silver Lake, got Ros out, and managed to put the fire out.” “A fire? Both engines?” Carrick is horrified. “Yep.” “Shit! But I thought.” “I know,” Christian interrupts him. “It was sheer luck I was flying so low,” he murmurs. I shudder. He releases my hand and puts his arm around me. “Cold?” he asks me. I shake my head. “How did you put out the fire?” asks Kate, her Carla Bernstein instincts kicking in. Jeez, she sounds terse sometimes. “Extinguisher. We have to carry them—by law.” Christian answers levelly. His words from long ago circle my mind. “I thank divine providence every day that it was you that came to interview me and not Katherine Kavanagh.” “Why didn’t you call or use the radio?” Grace asks. Christian shakes his head. “With the electronics out, we had no radio. And I wasn’t going to risk turning them on because of the fire. GPS was still working on the Blackberry, so I was able to navigate to the nearest road. Took us four hours to walk there. Ros was in heels.” Christian’s mouth presses into a disapproving flat line.
“We had no cell reception. There’s no coverage at Gifford. Ros’s battery died first. Mine dried up on the way.” Holy hell. I tense and Christian pulls me into his lap. “So how did you get back to Seattle?” Grace asks, blinking slightly at the sight of the two of us, no doubt. I flush. “We hitched and pooled our resources. Between us, Ros and I had six hundred dollars, and we thought we’d have to bribe someone to drive us back, but a truck driver stopped and agreed to bring us home. He refused the money and shared his lunch with us.” Christian shakes his head in dismay at the memory. “Took forever. He didn’t have a cell—weird, but true. I didn’t realize.” He stops, gazing at his family. “That we’d worry?” Grace scoffs. “Oh, Christian!” she scolds him. “We’ve been going out of our minds!” “You’ve made the news, bro.” Christian rolls his eyes. “Yeah. I figured that much when I arrived to this reception and the handful of photographers outside. I’m sorry, Mom—I should have asked the driver to stop so I could phone. But I was anxious to be back.” He glances at José. Oh, that’s why, because José is staying here. I frown at the thought. Jeez—all that worry. Grace shakes her head. “I’m just glad you’re back in one piece, darling.” I start to relax, resting my head against his chest. He smells outdoorsy, slightly sweaty, of body wash, and Christian, the most welcome scent in the world. Tears start to trickle down my face again, tears of gratitude. “Both engines?” Carrick says again, frowning in disbelief. “Go figure.” Christian shrugs and runs his hand down my back. “Hey,” he whispers. He puts his fingers under my chin and tilts my head back. “Stop with the crying.” I wipe my nose with the back of my hand in a most unladylike way. “Stop with the disappearing.” I sniff and his lips quirk up. “Electrical failure... that’s odd, surely?” Carrick says again. “Yes, crossed my mind, too, Dad. But right now, I’d just like to go to bed and think about all that shit tomorrow.” “So the media know that the Christian Grey has been found safe and well?” Kate says. “Yes. Andrea and my PR people will deal with the media. Ros called her after we dropped her home.”
“Yes, Andrea called me to let me know you were still alive.” Carrick grins. “I must give that woman a raise. Sure is late,” says Christian. “I think that’s a hint, ladies and gentlemen, that my dear bro needs his beauty sleep,” Elliot scoffs suggestively. Christian grimaces at him. “Cary, my son is safe. You can take me home now.” Cary? Grace looks adoringly at her husband. “Yes. I think we could use the sleep,” Carrick replies smiling down at her. “Stay,” Christian offers. “No, sweetheart, I want to get home. Now that I know you’re safe.” Christian reluctantly eases me onto the couch and stands. Grace hugs him once more, presses her head against his chest and closes her eyes, content. He wraps his arms around her. “I was so worried, darling,” she whispers. “I’m okay, Mom.” She leans back and studies him intently while he holds her. “Yes. I think you are,” she says slowly, glances at me, and smiles. I flush. We follow Carrick and Grace as they make their way to the foyer. Behind me, I’m aware that Mia and Ethan are having a heated whispered conversation, but I can’t hear it. Mia is smiling shyly at Ethan, and he’s gaping at her and shaking his head. Suddenly, she folds her arms and turns on her heel. He rubs his forehead with one hand, obviously frustrated. “Mom, Dad—wait for me,” Mia calls sullenly. Perhaps she’s as mercurial as her brother. Kate hugs me hard. “I can tell some serious shit’s been going down while I’ve been blissfully ignorant in Barbados. It’s kind of obvious you two are nuts about each other. I’m glad he’s safe. Not just for him, Ana—for you, too.” “Thank you, Kate,” I whisper. “Yeah. Who knew we’d find love at the same time?” She grins. Wow. She’s admitted it. “With brothers!” I giggle. “We could end up sisters-in-law,” she quips.
I tense, then mentally kick myself as Kate stands back to gaze at me with herwhat-aren’t-you-telling-meSteele look. I flush. Damn, should I tell her he’s asked me? “Come on, baby,” Elliot summons her from the elevator. “Let’s talk tomorrow, Ana. You must be exhausted.” I am reprieved. “Sure. You, too, Kate—you’ve traveled long distance today.” We hug once more, then she and Elliot follow the Greys into the elevator. Ethan shakes Christian’s hand and gives me a quick hug. He looks distracted, but he follows them into the elevator and the doors close. José is hovering in the hallway as we come out of the foyer. “Look. I’ll turn in... leave you guys,” he says. I blush. Jeez, why is this awkward? “Do you know where to go?” Christian asks. José nods. “Yeah, the housekeeper—” “Mrs. Jones,” I prompt. “Yeah, Mrs. Jones, she showed me earlier. Quite a place you have here, Christian.” “Thank you,” Christian says politely as he comes to stand beside me, placing his arm around my shoulders. Leaning over, he kisses my hair. “I’m going to eat whatever Mrs. Jones has put out for me. Goodnight, José.” Christian wanders back into the great room, leaving José and me at the entrance. Wow! Left alone with José. “Well, goodnight.” José looks uncomfortable all of a sudden. “Goodnight, José, and thank you for staying.” “Sure, Ana. Any time your rich, hotshot boyfriend goes missing—I’ll be there.” “José!” I admonish him. “Only kidding. Don’t get mad. I’ll be leaving early in the morning—I’ll see you sometime, yeah? I’ve missed you.”
“Sure, José. Soon I hope. Sorry tonight was so... shitty.” I smirk apologetically. “Yeah.” He grins. “Shitty.” He hugs me. “Seriously, Ana, I’m glad you’re happy, but I’m here if you need me.” I gaze up at him. “Thank you.” He flashes me a sad, bittersweet smile, and then he goes upstairs. I turn back to the great room. Christian stands beside the couch, watching me with an unreadable expression on his face. We’re finally alone and we gaze at each other. “He’s still got it bad, you know,” he murmurs. “And how would you know that, Mr. Grey?” “I recognize the symptoms, Miss Steele. I believe I have the same affliction.” “I thought I’d never see you again,” I whisper. There—the words are out. All my worst fears packaged neatly in one short sentence now exorcised. “It wasn’t as bad as it sounds.” I pick up his suit jacket and shoes from where they lie on the floor and move toward him. “I’ll take that,” he whispers, reaching for his jacket. Christian gazes down at me as if I’m his reason for living and mirrors my look, I’m sure. He is here, really here. He pulls me into his arms and wraps himself around me. “Christian,” I gasp, and my tears start anew. “Hush,” he soothes, kissing my hair. “You know... in the few seconds of sheer terror before I landed, all my thoughts were of you. You’re my talisman, Ana.” “I thought I’d lost you,” I breathe. We stand, holding each other, reconnecting and reassuring each other. As I tighten my arms around him, I realize I’m still holding his shoes. I drop them noisily to the floor. “Come and shower with me,” he murmurs. “Okay.” I glance up at him. I don’t want to let go. Reaching down he tilts my chin up with his fingers. “You know even tear-stained, you are beautiful, Ana Steele.” He leans down and kisses me gently. “And your lips are so soft.” He kisses me again, deepening it. Oh my... and to think, I could have lost... no... I stop thinking and surrender myself.
“I need to put my jacket down,” he murmurs. “Drop it,” I murmur against his lips. “I can’t.” I lean back to gaze up at him, puzzled. He smirks at me. “This is why.” From the inside breast pocket he pulls out the small box I gave him, containing my present. He slings the jacket over the back of the couch and places the box on top. Seize the day, Ana, my subconscious prods me. Well, it’s after midnight, so technically it’s his birthday. “Open it,” I whisper, and my heart starts pounding. “I was hoping you’d say that,” he murmurs. “This has been driving me crazy.” I grin impishly at him. Jeez, I feel giddy. He gives me his shy smile, and I melt despite my thumping heart, delighting in his amused yet intrigued expression. With deft long fingers, he unwraps and opens the box. His brow creases as he fishes out a small, rectangular, plastic keychain bearing a picture made up of tiny pixels that flash on and off like an LED screen. It depicts the Seattle skyline, focusing on the Space Needle, with the wordSEATTLE written boldly across the landscape, flashing on and off. He stares at it for a moment and then gazes at me bemused, a frown marring his lovely brow. “Turn it over,” I whisper, holding my breath. He does, and his eyes shoot to mine, wide and gray, alive with wonder and joy. His lips part in disbelief. The wordyes flashes on and off on the key ring. “Happy birthday,” I whisper.
“You’ll marry me?” he whispers, incredulous. I nod nervously, flushing and anxious and not quite believing his reaction—this man whom I thought I’d lost. How could he not understand how much I love him? “Say it,” he orders softly, his gaze intense and hot. “Yes, I’ll marry you.” He inhales sharply and moves suddenly, grabbing me and swinging me round in a most un-Fiftylike manner. He’s laughing, young and carefree, radiating joyful elation. I grab his arms to hold on, feeling his muscles ripple beneath my fingers, and his infectious laughter sweeps me up—dizzy, addled, a girl totally and utterly smitten with her beautiful man. He puts me down and kisses me. Hard. His hands are on either side of my face, his tongue insistent, persuasive... arousing. “Oh, Ana,” he breathes against my lips, and it’s an exultation that leaves me reeling. He loves me, of that I have no doubt, and I savor the taste of this delicious man, this man I thought I might never see again. His joy is evident—his eyes shining, his youthful smile—and his relief is almost palpable. “I thought I’d lost you,” I murmur, still dazzled and breathless from his kiss. “Baby, it will take more than a malfunctioning 135 to keep me away from you.” “135?” “Charlie Tango. She’s a Eurocopter 135, the safest in its class.” Some unnamed but dark emotion crosses his face briefly, distracting me. What isn’t he saying? Before I can ask him, he stills and looks down at me, frowning, and for a moment I think he’s going to tell me. I blink up into his speculative gray eyes.
“Wait a minute. You gave this to me before we saw Flynn,” he says, holding up the keychain. He looks almost horrified. Oh dear, where’s he going with this? I nod, keeping a straight face. His mouth drops open. I shrug apologetically. “I wanted you to know that whatever Flynn said, it wouldn’t make a difference to me.” Christian blinks at me in disbelief. “So all yesterday evening, when I was begging you for an answer, I had it already?” He’s dismayed. I nod again, trying desperately to gauge his reaction. He gazes at me in stupefied wonder, but then narrows his eyes and his mouth twists with amused irony. “All that worry,” he whispers ominously. I grin at him and shrug once more. “Oh, don’t try and get cute with me, Miss Steele. Right now, I want...” He runs his hand through his hair, then shakes his head and changes tack. “I can’t believe you left me hanging.” His whisper is laced with disbelief. His expression alters subtly, his eyes gleaming wickedly, his mouth twitching into a carnal smile. Holy hell. A thrill runs through me. What’s he thinking? “I believe some retribution is in order, Miss Steele,” he says softly. Retribution? Oh shit! I know he’s playing—but I take a cautious step back from him anyway. He grins. “Is that the game?” he whispers. “Because I will catch you.” And his eyes burn with a bright playful intensity. “And you’re biting your lip,” he says threateningly. All of my insides tighten at once. Oh my. My future husband wants to play. I take another step back, then turn to run—but in vain. Christian grabs me, and in one easy swoop while I squeal with delight, surprise, and shock. He hoists me over his shoulder and heads down the hall. “Christian!” I hiss, mindful that José is upstairs, though whether he could hear us is doubtful. I steady myself by clasping his lower back, then on a brave impulse, I swat his behind. He swats me right back. “Ow!” I yelp. “Shower time,” he declares triumphantly. “Put me down!” I try and fail to sound disapproving. My struggle is futile—his arm is firmly clamped over my thighs—and for some reason I cannot stop giggling. “Fond of these shoes?” he asks amused as he opens the door to his bathroom.
“I prefer them to be touching the floor.” I attempt to snarl at him, but it’s not very effective as I can’t keep the laughter out of my voice. “Your wish is my command, Miss Steele.” Without putting me down, he slips off both of my shoes and lets them clatter to the tile floor. Pausing by the vanity, he empties his pockets—dead Blackberry, keys, wallet, the keychain. I can only imagine what I look like in the mirror from this angle. When he’s finished, he marches directly into his overlarge shower. “Christian!” I scold loudly—his intent is now clear. He switches the water on at max. Jeez! Arctic water spurts over my backside, and I squeal—then stop, mindful once more that José is above us. It’s cold and I’m fully clothed. The chilling water soaks into my dress, my panties, and my bra. I’m drenched and I cannot stop giggling. “No!” I squeal. “Put me down!” I swat him again, harder this time, and Christian releases me, letting me slide down his now soaked body. His white shirt is stuck to his chest and his suit pants are sodden. I am soaked, too, flushed, giddy and breathless, and he’s grinning down at me, looking so... so unbelievably hot. He sobers, his eyes shining, and cups my face again, drawing my lips to his. His kiss is gentle, cherishing, and totally distracting. I no longer care that I am fully clothed and soaking wet in Christian’s shower. It’s just the two of us beneath the cascading water. He’s back, he’s safe, he’s mine. My hands move involuntarily to his shirt as it clings to every line and sinew of his chest, revealing the hair scrunched beneath the white wetness. I yank the shirt hem out of his pants, and he groans against my mouth, but his lips do not leave mine. As I unbutton his shirt, he reaches for my zipper, slowly sliding the clasp down my dress. His lips become more insistent, more provocative, his tongue invading my mouth—and my body explodes with desire. I tug his shirt hard, ripping it open. The buttons fly everywhere, ricocheting off the tiles and disappearing onto the shower floor. As I strip the wet material off his shoulders and down his arms, I press him into the wall, hampering his attempts to undress me. “Cufflinks,” he murmurs, holding up his wrists where his shirt hangs sodden and limp. With scrambling fingers, I release first one and then the other cuff, letting his gold cufflinks fall carelessly to the tiled floor and his shirt follows. His eyes search mine through the cascading water, his gaze burning, carnal, heated like the water. I reach for the waistband of his pants, but he shakes his head and grabs my shoulders, spinning me round so I am facing away from him. He finishes the long journey south with my zipper, smoothes my wet hair away from my neck, and runs his tongue up my neck to my hairline and back again, kissing and sucking as he goes. I moan and slowly he peels my dress off my shoulders and down past my breasts, kissing my neck beneath my ear. He unclasps my bra and pushes it off my shoulders, freeing my breasts. His hands reach around and cup each one as he murmurs his appreciation in my ear. “So beautiful,” he whispers. My arms are trapped by my bra and dress, which hang unfastened below my breasts, my arms still in the sleeves but my hands are free. I roll my head, giving Christian better access to my neck and push my
breasts into his magical hands. I reach round behind me and welcome his sharp intake of breath as my inquisitive fingers make contact with his erection. He pushes his groin into my welcoming hands. Dammit, why didn’t he let me take his pants off? He tugs on my nipples, and as they harden and stretch under his expert touch, all thoughts of his pants disappear and pleasure spikes sharp and libidinous in my belly. I lean my head back against him and groan. “Yes,” he breathes and turns me once more, capturing my mouth with his. He peels my bra, dress and panties down so they join his shirt in a soggy heap on the shower floor. I grab the body wash beside us. Christian stills as he realizes what I am about to do. Staring him straight in the eye, I squirt some of the sweet-smelling gel into my palm and hold my hand up in front of his chest, waiting for an answer to my unspoken question. His eyes widen, then he gives me an almost imperceptible nod. Gently I place my hand on his sternum and start to rub the soap into his skin. His chest rises as he inhales sharply, but he stands stock-still. After a beat, his hands clasp my hips, but he doesn’t push me away. He watches me warily, his look intense more than scared, but his lips are parted as his breathing increases. “Is this okay?” I whisper. “Yes.” His short, breathy reply is almost a gasp. I am reminded of the many showers we’ve had together, but the one at the Olympic is a bittersweet memory. Well, now I can touch him. I wash him using gentle circles, cleaning my man, moving to his underarms, over his ribs, down his flat firm belly, toward his happy trail, and the waistband of his pants. “My turn,” he whispers and reaches for the shampoo, shifting us out of range of the stream of water and squirting some on to the top of my head. I think this is my cue to stop washing him, so I hook my fingers into his waistband. He works the shampoo into my hair, his firm, long fingers massaging my scalp. Groaning in appreciation, I close my eyes and give myself over to the heavenly sensation. After all the stress of the evening, this is just what I need. He chuckles and I open one eye to find him smiling down at me. “You like?” “Hmm...” He grins. “Me, too,” he says and leans over to kiss my forehead, his fingers continuing their sweet, firm kneading of my scalp. “Turn round,” he says authoritatively. I do as I’m told, and his fingers slowly work over my head, cleansing, relaxing, loving me as they go. Oh, this is bliss. He reaches for more shampoo and gently washes the long tresses down my back. When he’s finished, he pulls me back under the shower.
“Lean your head back,” he orders quietly. I willingly comply, and he carefully rinses out the suds. When he’s done, I face him once more and make a beeline for his pants. “I want to wash all of you,” I whisper. He smiles that lopsided smile and lifts his hands in a gesture that says “I’m all yours, baby.” I grin; it feels like Christmas. I make short work of his zipper, and soon his pants and boxers join the rest of our clothing. I stand and reach for the body wash and the freshwater sponge. “Looks like you’re pleased to see me,” I murmur dryly. “I’m always pleased to see you, Miss Steele.” He smirks at me. I soap the sponge, then retrace my journey over his chest. He’s more relaxed—maybe because I’m not actually touching him. I head south with the sponge, across his belly, along the happy trail, through his pubic hair, and over and up his erection. I peek up at him, and he regards me with hooded eyes and sensual longing. Hmm... I like this look. I drop the sponge and use my hands, grasping him firmly. He closes his eyes, tips his head back, and groans, thrusting his hips into my hands. Oh yes! It’s so arousing. My inner goddess has resurfaced after her evening of rocking and weeping in the corner, and she’s wearing harlot-red lipstick. His burning eyes suddenly lock with mine. He’s remembered something. “It’s Saturday,” he exclaims, eyes alight with salacious wonder, and he grasps my waist, pulling me to him and kissing me savagely. Whoa—change of pace! His hands sweep down my slick, wet body, round to my sex, his fingers exploring, teasing, and his mouth is relentless, leaving me breathless. His other hand is in my wet hair, holding me in place while I bear the full force of his passion unleashed. His fingers move inside me. “Ahh,” I moan into his mouth. “Yes,” he hisses and lifts me, his hands beneath my backside. “Wrap your legs around me, baby.” My legs fold around him, and I cling like a limpet to his neck. He braces me against the wall of the shower and pauses, gazing down at me. “Eyes open,” he murmurs. “I want to see you.” I blink up at him, my heart hammering, my blood pulsing hot and heavy through my body, desire, real and rampant surging through me. Then he eases into me oh-so-slowly, filling me, claiming me, skin
against skin. I push down against him and groan loudly. Once fully inside me, he pauses once more, his face strained, intense. “You are mine, Anastasia,” he whispers. “Always.” He smiles victoriously and shifts, making me gasp. “And now we can let everyone know, because you said yes.” His voice is reverential, and he leans down, capturing my mouth with his, and starts to move... slow and sweet. I close my eyes and tilt my head back as my body bows, my will submitting to his, slave to his intoxicating slow rhythm. His teeth graze my jaw, my chin, and down my neck as he picks up the pace, pushing me onward, upward—away from this earthly plane, the teeming shower, the evening’s chilling fright. It’s just me and my man moving in unison, moving as one—each completely absorbed in the other—our gasps and grunts mingling. I revel in the exquisite feeling of his possession as my body blooms and flowers around him. I could have lost him... and I love him... I love him so much, and I’m suddenly overcome by the enormity of my love and the depth of my commitment to him. I will spend the rest of my life loving this man, and with that awe-inspiring thought, I detonate around him—a healing, cathartic orgasm, crying out his name as tears flow down my cheeks. He reaches his climax and pours himself into me. With his face buried in my neck, he sinks to the floor, holding me tightly, kissing my face, and kissing away my tears as the warm water spills down around us, washing us clean. “My fingers are pruny,” I murmur, postcoital and sated as I lean against his chest. He raises my fingers to his lips and kisses each in turn. “We should really get out of this shower.” “I’m comfortable here.” I’m sitting between his legs and he’s holding me close. I don’t want to move. Christian murmurs his assent. But suddenly I’m bone tired, world-weary. So much has happened this last week—enough for a lifetime of drama—and now I’m gettingmarried. A disbelieving giggle escapes my lips. “Something amusing you, Miss Steele?” he asks fondly. “It’s been a busy week.” He grins. “That it has.” “I thank God you’re back in one piece, Mr. Grey,” I whisper, sobering at the thought of what might have been. He tenses and I immediately regret reminding him.
“I was scared,” he confesses much to my surprise. “Earlier?” He nods, his expression serious. Holy shit. “So you made light of it to reassure your family?” “Yes. I was too low to land well. But somehow I did.” Crap. My eyes sweep up to his, and he looks grave as the water cascades over us. “How close a call was it?” He gazes down at me. “Close,” he pauses. “For a few awful seconds, I thought I’d never see you again.” I hug him tightly. “I can’t imagine my life without you, Christian. I love you so much it frightens me.” “Me, too,” he breathes. “My life would be empty without you. I love you so much.” His arms tighten around me and he nuzzles my hair. “I won’t ever let you go.” “I don’t want to go, ever.” I kiss his neck, and he leans down and kisses me gently. After a moment, he shifts. “Come—let’s get you dry and into bed. I’m exhausted and you look beat.” I lean back and arch an eyebrow at his choice of words. He cocks his head to one side and smirks at me. “You have something to say, Miss Steele?” I shake my head and clamber unsteadily to my feet. I am sitting up in bed. Christian insisted on drying my hair—he’s quite skilled at it. How that happened is an unpleasant thought, so I dismiss it immediately. It’s after two in the morning, and I am ready to sleep. Christian gazes down at me and reexamines the keychain before climbing into bed. He shakes his head, incredulous once more. “This is so neat. The best birthday present I’ve ever had.” He glances at me, his eyes soft and warm. “Better than my signed Guiseppe DeNatale poster.” “I would have told you earlier, but as it was your birthday... What do you give the man who has everything? I thought I’d give you... me.” He puts the keychain down on the bedside table and snuggles in beside me, pulling me into his arms against his chest so that we’re spooning. “It’s perfect. Like you.” I smirk, though he can’t see my expression. “I am far from perfect, Christian.”
“Are you smirking at me, Miss Steele?” How does he know? “Maybe.” I giggle. “Can I ask you something? “Of course,” he nuzzles my neck. “You didn’t call on your trip back from Portland. Was that really because of José? You were worried about me being here alone with him?” Christian says nothing. I turn to face him, and his eyes are wide as I reproach him. “Do you know how ridiculous that is? How much stress you put your family and me through? We all love you very much.” He blinks a couple of times and then gives me his shy smile. “I had no idea you’d all be so worried.” I purse my lips. “When are you going to get it through your thick skull that you areloved?” “Thick skull?” His eyebrows widen in surprise. I nod. “Yes. Thick skull.” “I don’t think the bone density of my head is significantly higher than anywhere else in my body.” “I’m serious! Stop trying to make me laugh. I am still a little mad at you, though that’s partially eclipsed by the fact that you’re home safe and sound when I thought...” My voice fades as I recall those anxious few hours. “Well, you know what I thought.” His eyes soften and he reaches up to caress my face. “I’m sorry. Okay.” “Your poor mom, too. It was very moving, seeing you with her,” I whisper. He smiles shyly. “I’ve never seen her that way.” He blinks at the memory. “Yes, that was really something. She’s normally so self-possessed. It was quite a shock.” “See? Everyone loves you.” I smile. “Perhaps now you’ll start believing it.” I lean down and kiss him gently. “Happy birthday, Christian. I’m glad you’re here to share your day with me. And you haven’t seen what I’ve got for you tomorrow um... today.” I smirk. “There’s more?” he says, astounded, and his face erupts into a breathtaking grin. “Oh yes, Mr. Grey, but you’ll have to wait until then.”
I wake suddenly from a dream or nightmare, and my pulse is thumping. I turn, panicked, and to my relief, Christian is fast asleep beside me. Because I’ve shifted, he stirs and reaches out in his sleep, draping his arm over me, and rests his head on my shoulder, sighing softly. The room is flooded with light. It’s eight o’clock. Christian never sleeps this late. I lie back and let my racing heart calm. Why the anxiety? Is it the aftermath of last night? I turn and stare at him. He’s here. He’s safe. I take a deep steadying breath and gaze at his lovely face. A face that is now so familiar, all its dips and shadows eternally etched on my mind. He looks much younger when he’s asleep, and I grin because today he’s a whole year older. I hug myself, thinking about my present. Oooh... what will he do? Perhaps I should start by bringing him breakfast in bed. Besides, José may still be here. I find José at the counter, eating a bowl of cereal. I can’t help but flush when I see him. He knows I’ve spent the night with Christian. Why do I suddenly feel so shy? It’s not as if I’m naked or anything. I’m wearing my silk floor-length wrap. “Morning, José,” I smile, brazening it out. “Hey, Ana!” His face lights up, genuinely pleased to see me. There’s no hint of teasing or salacious contempt in his expression. “Sleep well?” I ask. “Sure. Some view from up here.” “Yeah. It’s pretty special.” Like the owner of this apartment. “Want a real man’s breakfast?” I tease. “Love some.” “It’s Christian’s birthday today—I’m making him breakfast in bed.” “He awake?” “No, I think he’s fried from yesterday.” I quickly glance away from him and head to the fridge so he can’t see my blush. Jeez, it’s only José. When I take the eggs and bacon out of the fridge, José is grinning at me. “You really like him, don’t you?” I purse my lips. “I love him, José.” His eyes widen momentarily then he grins. “What’s not to love?” he asks gesturing round the great room. I scowl at him. “Gee, thanks!”
“Hey, Ana, just kidding.” Hmm... will I always have this leveled at me? That I’m marrying Christian for his money? “Seriously, I’m kidding. You’ve never been that kind of girl.” “Omelet good for you?” I ask, changing the subject. I don’t want to argue. “Sure.” “And me,” Christian says as he saunters into the great room. Holy fuck, he’s wearing only pajama bottoms that hang in that totally hot way off his hips—Jeez! “José.” He nods. “Christian.” José returns his nod solemnly. Christian turns to me and smirks as I stare. He’s done this on purpose. I narrow my eyes at him, desperately trying to recover my equilibrium, and Christian’s expression alters subtly. He knows that I know what he’s up to, and he doesn’t care. “I was going to bring you breakfast in bed.” Swaggering over, he wraps his arm around me, tilts my chin up, and plants a loud wet kiss on my lips. Very unFifty! “Good morning, Anastasia,” he says. I want to scowl at him and tell him to behave—but it’s his birthday. I flush. Why is he so territorial? “Good morning, Christian. Happy birthday.” I give him a smile, and he smirks at me. “I’m looking forward to my other present,” he says and that’s it. I flush the color of the Red Room of Pain and glance nervously at José, who looks like he’s swallowed something unpleasant. I turn away and start preparing the food. “So what are your plans today, José?” Christian asks, seemingly casual as he sits down on a barstool. “I’m heading up to see my dad and Ray, Ana’s dad.” Christian frowns. “They know each other?” “Yeah, they were in the army together. They lost contact until Ana and I were in college together. It’s kinda cute. They’re best buds now. We’re going on a fishing trip.” “Fishing?” Christian is genuinely interested.
“Yeah—some great catches in these coastal waters. The steelheads can grow way big.” “True. My brother Elliot and I landed a thirty-four pound steelhead once.” They’re talkingfishing? What is it about fishing? I have never understood it. “Thirty-four pounds? Not bad. Ana’s father though, he holds the record. A forty-three pounder.” “You’re kidding! He never said.” “Happy birthday, by the way.” “Thanks. So, where do you like to fish?” I zone out. This I do not need to know. But at the same time I’m relieved. See, Christian? José’s not so bad. By the time José makes to leave, both of them are much more relaxed with each other. Christian quickly changes into T-shirt and jeans and barefoot he accompanies José and me to the foyer. “Thanks for letting me crash here,” José says to Christian as they shake hands. “Anytime,” Christian smiles. José hugs me quickly. “Stay safe, Ana.” “Sure. Great to see you. Next time we’ll have a proper evening out.” “I’ll hold you to that.” He waves at us from inside the elevator, and then he’s gone. “See, he’s not so bad.” “He still wants into your panties, Ana. But can’t say I blame him.” “Christian, that’s not true!” “You have no idea, do you?” He smirks down at me. “He wants you. Big time. ” I frown. “Christian, he’s just a friend, a good friend.” And I’m suddenly aware that I sound like Christian when he’s talking about Mrs. Robinson. The thought is unsettling. Christian holds up his hands in a placating gesture. “I don’t want to fight,” he says softly. Oh! We’re not fighting... are we? “Me neither.”
“You didn’t tell him we were getting married.” “No. I figured I ought to tell Mom and Ray first.” Shit. It’s the first time I’ve thought about this since I said yes. Jeez—what are my parents going to say? Christian nods. “Yes, you’re right. And I... um, I should ask your father.” I laugh. “Oh, Christian—this isn’t the eighteenth century.” Holy shit. What will Ray say? The thought of that conversation fills me with horror. “It’s traditional.” Christian shrugs. “Let’s talk about that later. I want to give you your other present.” My aim is to distract him. The thought of my present is burning a hole in my consciousness. I need to give it to him and see how he reacts. He gives me his shy smile, and my heart skips a beat. For as long as I live, I’ll never tire of looking at that smile. “You’re biting your lip,” he says and pulls on my chin. A thrill runs through my body as his fingers touch me. Without a word, and while I still have a modicum of courage, I take his hand and lead him back to the bedroom. I drop his hand, leaving him standing by the bed, and from under my side of the bed, I take out the two remaining gift boxes. “Two?” he says, surprised. I take a deep breath. “I bought this before the, um... incident yesterday. I’m not sure about it now.” I quickly hand him one of the parcels before I can change my mind. He gazes at me, puzzled, sensing my uncertainty. “Sure you want me to open it?” I nod, anxious. Christian tears off the packaging and gazes in surprise at the box. “Charlie Tango,” I whisper. He grins. The box contains a small wooden helicopter with a large, solar-powered rotor blade. He opens it up. “Solar powered,” he murmurs. “Wow.” And before I know it he’s sitting on the bed assembling it. It snaps together quickly, and Christian holds it up in the palm of his hand. A blue wooden helicopter. He looks up at me and gives me his glorious, all-American-boy smile, then heads to the window so that the little helicopter is bathed in sunlight and the rotor starts to spin.
“Look at that,” he breathes, examining it closely. “What we can already do with this technology.” He holds it at eye level, watching the blades spin. He’s fascinated and fascinating to watch as he loses himself in thought, staring at the little helicopter. What is he thinking? “You like it?” “Ana, I love it. Thank you.” He grabs me and kisses me swiftly, then turns back to watch the rotor spin. “I’ll add it to the glider in my office,” he says distractedly, watching the blade spin. He moves his hand out of the sunlight, and the blade slows down and comes to a stop. I can’t help my face-splitting grin, and I want to hug myself. He loves it. Of course, he’s all about alternative technologies. I’d forgotten that in my haste to buy it. Placing it on the chest of drawers, he turns to face me. “It’ll keep me company while we salvage Charlie Tango.” “Is it salvageable?” “I don’t know. I hope so. I’ll miss her, otherwise.” Her? I am shocked at myself for the small pang of jealousy I feel for an inanimate object. My subconscious snorts with derisory laughter. I ignore her. “What’s in the other box?” he asks, his eyes wide with almost childish excitement. Holy fuck. “I’m not sure if this present is for you or me.” “Really?” he asks, and I know I have piqued his interest. Nervously I hand him the second box. He shakes it gently and we both hear a heavy rattle. He glances up at me. “Why are you so nervous?” he asks, bemused. I shrug, embarrassed and excited as I flush. He raises an eyebrow at me. “You have me intrigued, Miss Steele,” he whispers, and his voice runs right through me, desire and anticipation spawning in my belly. “I have to say I’m enjoying your reaction. What have you been up to?” He narrows his eyes speculatively. I remain tight-lipped as I hold my breath. He removes the lid of the box and takes out a small card. The rest of the contents are wrapped in tissue. He opens the card, and his eyes dart quickly to mine—widening with shock or surprise. I just don’t know. “Do rude things to you?” he murmurs. I nod and swallow. He cocks his head to one side warily, assessing my reaction, and frowns. Then turns his attention back to the box. He tears through the pale-blue tissue paper and fishes out an eye mask, some nipple clamps, a butt plug, his iPod, his silver-gray tie—and last but by no means least—the key to his playroom.
He gazes at me, his expression dark, unreadable. Oh shit. Is this a bad move? “You want to play?” he asks softly. “Yes,” I breathe. “For my birthday?” “Yes.” Could my voice sound any smaller? A myriad of emotions cross his face, none of which I can place, but he settles for anxious. Hmm... Not quite the reaction I was expecting. “You’re sure?” he asks. “Not the whips and stuff.” “I understand that.” “Yes, then. I’m sure.” He shakes his head and gazes down at the contents of the box. “Sex mad and insatiable. Well, I think we can do something with this lot,” he murmurs almost to himself, then puts the contents back in the box. When he glances at me again, his expression has completely changed. Holy cow, his gray eyes burn, and his mouth lifts in a slow erotic smile. He holds out his hand. “Now,” he says, and it’s not a request. My belly clenches, tight and hard, deep, deep down. I put my hand in his. “Come,” he orders, and I follow him out of the bedroom, my heart in my mouth. Desire races slick and hot through my blood as my insides tighten with hungry anticipation. My inner goddess somersaults round her chaise longue. Finally!
Christian pauses outside the playroom. “You’re sure about this?” he asks, his gaze heated yet anxious. “Yes,” I murmur, smiling shyly at him. His eyes soften. “Anything you don’t want to do?” I’m derailed by his unexpected question, and my mind goes into overdrive. One thought occurs. “I don’t want you to take photos of me.” He stills, and his expression hardens as he cocks his head to one side and eyes me speculatively. Oh shit. I think he’s going to ask me why, but fortunately he doesn’t. “Okay,” he murmurs. His brow furrows as he unlocks the door, then stands aside to usher me into the room. I feel his eyes on me as he follows me inside and closes the door. Placing the gift box on the chest of drawers, he takes out the iPod, switches it on, then waves at the music center on the wall so that the smoked glass doors glide silently open. He presses some buttons, and after a moment, the sound of a subway train echoes round the room. He turns it down so that the slow, hypnotic electronic beat that follows becomes ambient. A woman starts to sing, I don’t know who she is but her voice is soft yet rasping and the beat is measured, deliberate... erotic. Oh my. It’s music to make love to. Christian turns to face me as I stand in the middle of the room, my heart pounding, my blood singing in my veins, pulsing—or so it feels—in time to the music’s seductive beat. He saunters casually over to me and tugs on my chin so I’m no longer biting my lip.
“What do you want to do, Anastasia?” he murmurs, planting a soft chaste kiss at the corner of my mouth, his fingers still grasping my chin. “It’s your birthday. Whatever you want,” I whisper. He traces his thumb along my lower lip, his brow creased once more. “Are we in here because you think I want to be in here?” His words are softly spoken, but he regards me intently. “No,” I whisper. “I want to be in here, too.” His gaze darkens, growing bolder as he assesses my response. After what seems an eternity, he speaks. “Oh, there are so many possibilities, Miss Steele.” His voice is low, excited. “But let’s start with getting you naked.” He pulls the sash of my robe so that it falls open, revealing my silk nightdress, then steps back and sits nonchalantly down on the arm of the chesterfield couch. “Take your clothes off. Slowly.” He gives me a sensual, challenging look. I swallow compulsively, pressing my thighs together. I’m already damp between my legs. My inner goddess is stripped naked and standing in line, ready and waiting and begging me to play catch-up. I pull the robe away from my shoulders, my eyes never leaving his, and shrug, letting it fall billowing to the floor. His mesmerizing gray eyes heat, and he runs his index finger over his lips as he gazes at me. Slipping the spaghetti straps of my gown off my shoulders, I gaze at him for a beat, then release them. My nightdress skims and ripples softly down my body, pooling at my feet. I am naked and practically panting and oh-so-ready. Christian pauses for a moment, and I marvel at the frankly carnal appreciation in his expression. Standing up, he makes his way over to the chest and picks up his silver-gray tie—my favorite tie. He pulls it through his fingers as he turns and strolls casually toward me, a smile playing on his lips. When he stands in front of me, I expect him to ask for my hands, but he doesn’t. “I think you’re underdressed, Miss Steele,” he murmurs. He places the tie around my neck, and slowly but dexterously ties it in what I assume is a fine Windsor knot. As he tightens the knot, his fingers brush the base of my throat and electricity shoots through me, making me gasp. He leaves the wide end of the tie long, long enough so the tip skims my pubic hair. “You look mighty fine now, Miss Steele,” he says and bends to kiss me gently on my lips. It’s a swift kiss, and I want more, desire spiraling wantonly through my body. “What shall we do with you now?” he says, and then picking up the tie, he yanks sharply so that I’m forced forward into his arms. His hands dive into my hair and pull my head back, and he really kisses me, hard, his tongue unforgiving and merciless. One of his hands roams freely down my back to cup my behind. When he pulls away, he’s panting too and gazing down at me, his eyes molten gray; and I’m left wanting, gasping for breath, my wits thoroughly scattered. I’m sure my lips will be swollen after his sensual assault.
“Turn around,” he orders gently and I obey. Pulling my hair free of the tie, he quickly braids and secures it. He tugs the braid so my head tilts up. “You have beautiful hair, Anastasia,” he murmurs and kisses my throat, sending shivers running up and down my spine. “You just have to say stop. You know that, don’t you?” he whispers against my throat. I nod, my eyes closed, and relish his lips on me. He turns me round once more and picks up the end of the tie. “Come,” he says, tugging gently, leading me over to the chest where the rest of the box’s contents are on display. “Anastasia, these objects.” He holds up the butt plug. “This is a size too big. As an anal virgin, you don’t want to start with this. We want to start with this.” He holds up his pinky finger, and I gasp, shocked. Fingers... there? He smirks at me, and the unpleasant thought of the anal fisting mentioned in the contract comes to mind. “Just finger—singular,” he says softly with that uncanny ability he has to read my mind. My eyes dart to his. How does he do that? “These clamps are vicious.” He prods the nipple clamps. “We’ll use these.” He places a different pair of clamps on the chest. They look like giant black hairpins, but with little jet jewels hanging down. “They’re adjustable,” Christian murmurs, his voice laced with gentle concern. I blink up at him, wide-eyed. Christian, my sexual mentor. He knows so much more about all this than I do. I’ll never catch up. I frown. He knows more than me about most things... except cooking. “Clear?” he asks. “Yes,” I whisper, my mouth dry. “Are you going to tell me what you intend to do?” “No. I’m making this up as I go along. This isn’t a scene, Ana.” “How should I behave?” His brow creases. “However you want to.” Oh! “Were you expecting my alter ego, Anastasia?” he asks, his tone vaguely mocking and bemused at once. I blink at him. “Well, yes. I like him,” I murmur. He smiles his private smile and reaches up to run his thumb down my cheek.
“Do you now,” he breathes and runs his thumb across my lower lip. “I’m your lover, Anastasia, not your Dom. I love to hear your laugh and your girlish giggle. I like you relaxed and happy, like you are in José’s photos. That’s the girl that fell into my office. That’s the girl I fell in love with.” Holy cow. My mouth drops open, and a welcome warmth blooms in my heart. It’s joy—pure joy. “But having said all that, I also like to do rude things to you, Miss Steele; and my alter ego knows a trick or two. So, do as you’re told and turn around.” His eyes glint wickedly, and the joy moves sharply south, seizing me tightly and gripping every sinew below my waist. I do as I’m told. Behind me, he opens one of the drawers and a moment later he’s in front of me again. “Come,” he orders and tugs on the tie, leading me to the table. As we walk past the couch, I notice for the first time that all the canes have vanished. It distracts me. Were they there yesterday when I came in? I don’t remember. Did Christian move them? Mrs. Jones? Christian interrupts my train of thought. “I want you to kneel up on this,” he says when we’re at the table. Oh, okay. What does he have in mind? My inner goddess can’t wait to find out—she’s already scissorkicked onto the table and is watching him with adoration. He gently lifts me onto the table, and I fold my legs beneath me and kneel in front of him, surprised by my own grace. Now we are eye to eye. He runs his hands down my thighs, grasps my knees, and pulls my legs apart and stands directly in front of me. He looks very serious, his eyes darker, hooded... lustful. “Arms behind your back. I’m going to cuff you.” He produces some leather cuffs from his back pocket and reaches around me. This is it. Where’s he going to take me this time? His proximity is intoxicating. This man is going to be my husband. Can one lust after one’s husband like this? I don’t remember reading about that anywhere. I can’t resist him, and I run my parted lips along his jaw, feeling the stubble, a heady combination of prickly and soft, under my tongue. He stills and closes his eyes. His breathing falters and he pulls back. “Stop. Or this will be over far quicker than either of us wants,” he warns. For a moment, I think he might be angry but then he smiles, and his heated eyes are alight with amusement. “You’re irresistible,” I pout. “Am I now?” he says dryly. I nod. “Well—don’t distract me, or I’ll gag you.” “I like distracting you,” I whisper, looking mulishly at him, and he cocks his eyebrow at me.
“Or spank you.” Oh! I try to hide my smile. There was a time, not very long ago, when I would have been subdued by this threat. I would never have had the nerve to kiss him, unbidden, while he was in this room. I realize now, I’m no longer intimidated by him. It’s a revelation. I grin mischievously, and he smirks at me. “Behave,” he growls and stands back, gazing at me and slaps the leather cuffs across his palm. And the warning is there, implicit in his actions. I try for contrite, and I think I succeed. He approaches me again. “That’s better,” he breathes and leans behind me once more with the cuffs. I resist touching him but inhale his glorious Christian scent, still fresh from last night’s shower. Hmm... I should bottle this. I expect him to cuff my wrists, but he attaches each cuff above my elbows. It makes me arch my back, pushing my breasts forward, though my elbows are by no means together. When he’s finished, he stands back to admire me. “Feel okay?” he asks. It’s not the most comfortable of positions, but I’m so wired with anticipation to see where he’s going with this that I nod, weak with wanting. “Good.” He pulls the mask from his back pocket. “I think you’ve seen enough now,” he murmurs. He slides the mask over my head, covering my eyes. My breathing spikes. Wow. Why is not being able to see so erotic? I am here, trussed up and kneeling on a table, waiting—sweet anticipation hot and heavy deep in my belly. I can still hear, though, and the melodic steady beat of the track continues. It resonates through my body. I hadn’t noticed before. He must have it on repeat. Christian steps away. What is he doing? He moves back to the chest and opens a drawer, then closes it again. A moment later he’s back, and I sense him in front of me. There’s a pungent, rich, musky scent in the air. It’s delicious,almost mouth-watering. “I don’t want to ruin my favorite tie,” he murmurs. It slowly unravels as he undoes it. I inhale sharply as the tail of the tie travels up my body, tickling me in its wake. Ruin his tie? I listen acutely to determine what he’s going to do. He’s rubbing his hands together. His knuckles suddenly brush over my cheek, down to my jaw following my jawline. My body leaps to attention as his touch sends a delicious shiver through me. His hand flexes over my neck, and it’s slick with sweet-smelling oil so his hand glides smoothly down my throat, across my clavicle, and up to my shoulder, his fingers kneading gently as they go. Oh, I’m getting a massage. Not what I expected. He places his other hand on my other shoulder and begins another slow teasing journey across my clavicle. I groan softly as he works his way down toward my increasingly aching breasts, aching for his touch. It’s tantalizing. I arch my body further into his deft touch, but his hands glide to my sides, slow, measured, in time to the beat of the music, and studiously avoid my breasts. I groan, but I don’t know if it’s from pleasure or frustration.
“You are so beautiful, Ana,” he murmurs, his voice low and husky, his mouth next to my ear. His nose follows along my jaw as he continues to massage me—beneath my breasts, across my belly, down... He kisses me fleetingly on my lips, then he runs his nose down my neck, my throat. Holy cow, I’m on fire... his nearness, his hands, his words. “And soon you’ll be my wife to have and to hold,” he whispers. Oh my. “To love and to cherish.” Jeez. “With my body, I will worship you.” I tip my head back and moan. His fingers run through my pubic hair, over my sex, and he rubs the palm of his hand against my clitoris. “Mrs. Grey,” he whispers as his palm works against me. I groan. “Yes,” he breathes as his palm continues to tease me. “Open your mouth.” My mouth is already open from panting. I open wider, and he slips a large cool metal object between my lips. Shaped like an oversized baby’s pacifier, it has small grooves or carvings, and what feels like a chain at the end. It’s big. “Suck,” he commands softly. “I’m going to put this inside you.” Inside me? Inside me where? My heart lurches into my mouth. “Suck,” he repeats and he stops palming me. No. Don’t stop, I want to shout, but my mouth is full. His oiled hands glide back up my body and finally cup my neglected breasts. “Don’t stop sucking.” Gently he rolls my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers, and they harden and lengthen under his expert touch, sending synaptic waves of pleasure all the way to my groin. “You have such beautiful breasts, Ana,” he murmurs and my nipples harden further in response. He murmurs his approval and I moan. His lips move down from my neck toward one breast, trailing soft bites and sucks over and over, down toward my nipple, and suddenly I feel the pinch of the clamp.
“Ah!”I garble my groan through the device in my mouth. Holy cow, the feeling is exquisite, raw, painful, pleasurable... oh—the pinch. Gently, he laves the restrained nipple with his tongue, and as he does so, he applies the other. The bite of the second clamp is equally harsh... but just as good. I groan loudly. “Feel it,” he whispers. Oh, I do. I do. I do. “Give me this.” He tugs gently on the ornate metal pacifier in my mouth, and I release it. His hands once more trail down my body, toward my sex. He’s re-oiled his hands. They glide around to my backside. I gasp. What’s he going to do? I tense up on my knees as he runs his fingers between my buttocks. “Hush, easy,” he breathes close to my ear and kisses my neck as his fingers stroke and tease me. What’s he going to do? His other hand glides down my belly to my sex, palming me once more. He eases his fingers inside me, and I moan loudly, appreciatively. “I’m going to put this inside you,” he murmurs. “Not here.” His fingers trail between my buttocks, spreading oil. “But here.” He moves his fingers round and round, in and out, hitting the front wall of my vagina. I moan and my restrained nipples swell. “Ah.” “Hush now.” Christian removes his fingers and slides the object into me. He cups my face and kisses me, his mouth invading mine, and I hear a very faint click. Instantly the plug inside me starts to vibrate— down there! I gasp. The feeling is extraordinary—beyond anything I’ve felt before. “Ah!” “Easy,” Christian calms me, stifling my gasps with his mouth. His hands move down and tug very gently on the clamps. I cry out loudly. “Christian, please!” “Hush, baby. Hang in there.” This is too much—all this overstimulation, everywhere. My body starts to climb, and on my knees, I’m unable to control the buildup. Oh my... Will I be able to handle this? “Good girl,” he soothes. “Christian,” I pant, sounding desperate even to my own ears. “Hush, feel it, Ana. Don’t be afraid.” His hands are now on my waist, holding me, but I can’t concentrate on his hands, what’s inside me, and the clamps, too. My body is building, building to an explosion—with the relentless vibrations and the sweet, sweet torture of my nipples. Holy hell. It will be too intense. His
hands move from my hips, down and around, slick and oiled, touching, feeling, kneading my skin— kneading my behind. “So beautiful,” he murmurs and suddenly he gently pushes an anointed finger inside me... there! Into my backside. Fuck. It feels alien, full, forbidden... but oh... so... good. And he moves slowly, easing in and out, while his teeth graze my upturned chin. “So beautiful, Ana.” I’m suspended high—high above a wide, wide ravine, and I’m soaring then falling giddily at the same time, plunging to the Earth. I can hold on no more, and I scream as my body convulses and climaxes at the overwhelming fullness. As my body explodes, I’m nothing but sensation—everywhere. Christian releases first one and then the other clamp, causing my nipples to sing with a surge of sweet, sweet painful feeling, but it’s oh-so-goodand causing my orgasm, this orgasm, to go on and on. His finger stays where it is, gently easing in and out. “Argh!” I cry out, and Christian wraps himself around me, holding me, as my body continues to pulse mercilessly inside. “No!” I shout again, pleading, and this time he tugs the vibrator out of me, and his finger, too, as my body continues to convulse. He unstraps one of the cuffs so that my arms fall forward. My head lolls on his shoulder, and I am lost, lost to all this overwhelming sensation. I’m all shattered breath, exhausted desire and sweet, welcome oblivion. Vaguely, I’m aware that Christian lifts me, carries me over to the bed, and lays me down on the cool satin sheets. After a moment, his hands, still oiled, gently rub the backs of my thighs, my knees, my calves, and my shoulders. I feel the bed dip as he stretches out beside me. He pulls the mask off, but I don’t have the energy to open my eyes. Finding my braid he undoes the hair tie and leans forward, kissing me softly on my lips. Only my erratic breathing disturbs the silence in the room and steadies as I float gently back to Earth. The music has stopped. “So beautiful,” he murmurs. When I persuade one eye to open, he’s gazing down at me, smiling softly. “Hi,” he says. I manage a grunt in response, and his smile broadens. “Rude enough for you?” I nod and give him a reluctant grin. Jeez, any ruder and I’d have to spank the pair of us. “I think you’re trying to kill me,” I mutter. “Death by orgasm.” He smirks. “There are worse ways to go,” he says but then frowns ever so slightly as an unpleasant thought crosses his mind. It distresses me. I reach up and caress his face.
“You can kill me like this anytime,” I whisper. I notice that he’s gloriously naked and ready for action. When he takes my hand and kisses my knuckles, I lean up and capture his face between my hands and pull his mouth to mine. He kisses me briefly, then stops. “This is what I want to do,” he murmurs and reaches beneath his pillow for the music center remote. He presses a button and the soft strains of a guitar echo round the walls. “I want to make love to you,” he says gazing down at me, his gray eyes burning with bright, loving sincerity. Softly in background, a familiar voice starts to sing “The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face.” And his lips find mine. As I tighten around him, finding my release once more, Christian unravels in my arms, his head thrown back as he calls out my name. He clasps me tightly to his chest as we sit nose to nose in the middle of his vast bed, me astride him. And in this moment—this moment of joy with this man to this music—the intensity of my experience this morning in here with him and all that has occurred during the past week overwhelms me anew, not just physically but emotionally. I am completely overcome with all these feelings. I am so deeply, deeply in love with him. For the first time I’m offered a glimmer of understanding as to how he feels about my safety. Recalling his close call with Charlie Tango yesterday, I shudder at the thought and tears pool in my eyes. If anything ever happened to him—I love him so. My tears run unchecked down my cheeks. So many sides of Christian—his sweet, gentle persona and his rugged, I-can-do-what-I-fucking-well-like-to-youand-you’ll-come-like-a-train Dominant side—his fifty shades—all of him. All spectacular. All mine. And I’m aware we don’t know each other well, and we have a mountain of issues to overcome, but I know for each other, we will—and we’ll have a lifetime to do it. “Hey,” he breathes, clasping my head in his hands, gazing down at me. He’s still inside me. “Why are you crying?” His voice is filled with concern. “Because I love you so much,” I whisper. He half-closes his eyes as if drugged, absorbing my words. When he opens them again, they blaze with his love. “And I you, Ana. You make me... whole.” He kisses me gently as Roberta Flack finishes her song. We have talked and talked and talked, sitting upright together on the bed in the playroom, me in his lap, our legs curled around each other. The red satin sheet is draped around us like a royal cocoon, and I have no idea how much time has passed. Christian is laughing at my impersonation of Katherine during the photo shoot at the Heathman. “To think it could have been her who came to interview me. Thank the Lord for the common cold,” he murmurs and kisses my nose. “I believe she had flu, Christian,” I scold him, trailing my fingers idly through his chest hair and marveling that he’s tolerating it so well. “All the canes have gone,” I murmur, recalling my distraction from earlier. He tucks my hair behind my ear for the umpteenth time. “I didn’t think you’d ever get past that hard limit.”
“No, I don’t think I will,” I whisper wide-eyed at him, then find myself glancing over at the whips, paddles and floggers lining the opposite wall. He follows my gaze. “You want me to get rid of them, too?” He’s amused but sincere. “Not the crop... the brown one. Or that suede flogger, you know.” I flush. He smiles down at me. “Okay, the crop and the flogger. Why, Miss Steele, you’re full of surprises.” “As are you, Mr. Grey. It’s one of the things I love about you.” I kiss him gently at the corner of his mouth. “What else do you love about me?” he asks and his eyes widen. I know it’s a huge deal for him to ask this question. It humbles me and I blink at him. I love everything about him—even his fifty shades. I know that life with Christian will never be boring. “This.” I stroke my index finger across his lips. “I love this, and what comes out of it, and what you do to me with it. And what’s in here.” I caress his temple. “You’re so smart and witty and knowledgeable, competent in so many things. But most of all, I love what’s in here.” I press my palm gently against his chest, feeling his steady, beating heart. “You are the most compassionate man I’ve met. What you do. How you work. It’s awe-inspiring,” I whisper. “Awe-inspiring?” He’s puzzled, but there’s a trace of humor on his face. Then his face transforms, and his shy smile appears as if he’s embarrassed, and I want to launch myself at him. So I do. I am dozing, wrapped in satin and Grey. Christian nuzzles me awake. “Hungry?” he whispers “Hmm, famished.” “Me, too.” I lean up to gaze down at him sprawled on the bed. “It’s your birthday, Mr. Grey. I’ll cook you something. What would you like?” “Surprise me.” He runs his hand down my back, stroking me gently. “I should check my Blackberry for all the messages I missed yesterday.” He sighs and starts to sit up, and I know this special time is over... for now. “Let’s shower,” he says. Who am I to turn down the birthday boy?
Christian is in his study on the phone. Taylor is with him, looking serious but casual in jeans and a tight, black T-shirt. I busy myself in the kitchen fixing lunch. I have found salmon steaks in the fridge, and I’m poaching them with lemon, making a salad, and boiling some baby potatoes. I feel extraordinarily relaxed and happy, on top of the world—literally. Turning toward the large window, I stare out at the glorious blue sky. All that talking... all that sexing... hmm. A girl could get used to that. Taylor emerges from the study, interrupting my reverie. I turn down my iPod and take out an ear bud. “Hi, Taylor.” “Ana.” He nods. “Your daughter okay?” “Yes, thanks. My ex-wife thought she had appendicitis, but she was overreacting as usual.” Taylor rolls his eyes, surprising me. “Sophie’s fine, though she has a nasty stomach bug.” “I’m sorry.” He smiles. “Has Charlie Tango been located?” “Yes. The recovery team is on its way. She should be back at Boeing Field late tonight.” “Oh, good.” He gives me a tight smile. “Will that be all, ma’am?” “Yes, yes of course.” I flush... will I ever get used to Taylor calling me ma’am? It makes me feel so old, at least thirty. He nods and heads out of the great room. Christian is still on the phone. I am waiting for the potatoes to boil. It gives me an idea. Fetching my purse, I fish out my Blackberry. There’s a text from Kate. *C U this evening. Looking forward to a loooooong chat* I text back. *Same here* It will be good to talk to Kate. Calling up the e-mail program, I type a quick message to Christian.
From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Lunch Date: June 18, 2011 13:12 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I am e-mailing to inform you that your lunch is nearly ready. And that I had some mind-blowing, kinky fuckery earlier today. Birthday kinky fuckery is to be recommended. And another thing—I love you. Ax (Your fiancée) I listen carefully for a reaction, but he’s still on the phone. I shrug. Perhaps he’s just too busy. My Blackberry vibrates. From: Christian Grey Subject: Kinky Fuckery Date: June 18, 2011 13:15 To: Anastasia Steele What aspect was most mind-blowing? I’m taking notes. Christian Grey Famished and Wasting Away After the Mornings Exertions CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. PS: I love your signature PPS: What happened to the art of conversation? From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Famished? Date: June 18, 2011 13:18 To: Christian Grey
Dear Mr. Grey May I draw your attention to the first line of my previous e-mail informing you that your lunch is indeed almost ready... so none of this famished and wasting away nonsense. With regard to the mind-blowing aspects of the kinky fuckery... frankly—all of it. I’d be interested in reading your notes. And I like my bracketed signature, too. Ax (Your fiancée) PS: Since when have you been so loquacious? And you’re on the phone! I press send and look up, and he’s standing in front of me, smirking. Before I can say anything, he bounds around the kitchen island, sweeps me up in his arms, and kisses me soundly. “That is all, Miss Steele,” he says, releasing me, and he saunters—in his jeans, bare feet and untucked white shirt—back to his office, leaving me breathless. I’ve made a watercress, cilantro, and sour cream dip to accompany the salmon, and I’ve set the breakfast bar. I hate interrupting him while he’s working, but now I stand in the doorway of his office. He’s still on the phone, all thoroughly fucked hair and bright gray eyes—a visually nourishing feast. He looks up when he sees me and doesn’t take his eyes off me. He frowns slightly, and I don’t know if it’s at me or because of his conversation. “Just let them in and leave them alone. Do you understand, Mia?” he hisses and rolls his eyes. “Good.” I mime eating, and he grins at me and nods. “I’ll see you later.” He hangs up. “One more call?” he asks. “Sure.” “That dress is very short,” he adds. “You like it?” I give him a quick twirl. It’s one of Caroline Acton’s purchases. A soft turquoise sundress, probably more suitable for the beach, but it’s such a lovely day on so many levels. He frowns and my face falls. “You look fantastic in it, Ana. I just don’t want anyone else to see you like that.” “Oh!” I scowl at him. “We’re at home, Christian. No one but the staff.” His mouth twists, and either he’s trying to hide his amusement or he really doesn’t think that’s funny. But eventually he nods, reassured. I shake my head at him—he’s actually being serious? I head back to the kitchen. Five minutes later, he’s back in front of me, holding the phone. “I have Ray for you,” he murmurs, his eyes wary.
All the air leaves my body at once. I take the phone and cover the mouthpiece. “You told him!” I hiss. Christian nods, and his eyes widen at my obvious look of distress. Shit! I take a deep breath. “Hi, Dad.” “Christian has just asked me if he can marry you,” Ray says. Oh Shit. The silence stretches between us as I desperately think what to say. Ray as usual stays silent, giving me no clue as to his reaction to this news. “What did you say?” I crack first. “I said I wanted to talk to you. It’s kind of sudden, don’t you think, Annie? You’ve not known him long. I mean, he’s a nice guy, knows his fishing... but so soon?” His voice is calm and measured. “Yes. It is sudden... hang on.” Hastily, I leave the kitchen area away from Christian’s anxious gaze and head toward the great window. The doors to the balcony are open, and I step out into the sunshine. I can’t quite walk to the edge. It’s just too far up. “I know it’s sudden and all—but... well, I love him. He loves me. He wants to marry me, and there’ll never be anyone else for me.” I flush thinking this is probably the most intimate conversation I have ever had with my stepfather. Ray is silent on the other end of the phone. “Have you told your mother?” “No.” “Annie... I know he’s all kinds of rich and eligible, but marriage? It’s such a big step. You’re sure?” “He’s my happily ever after,” I whisper. “Whoa.” Ray says after a moment, his tone softer. “He’s everything.” “Annie, Annie, Annie. You’re such a headstrong young woman. I hope to God you know what you’re doing. Hand me back to him, will you?” “Sure, Dad, and will you give me away at the wedding?” I ask quietly. “Oh, honey.” His voice cracks, and he’s quiet for a few moments, the emotion in his voice bringing tears to my eyes. “Nothing would give me greater pleasure,” he says eventually.
Oh, Ray. I love you so much... I swallow, to keep from crying. “Thank you, Dad. I’ll hand you back to Christian. Be gentle with him. I love him,” I whisper. I think Ray is smiling on the other end of the line, but it’s hard to tell. It’s always hard to tell with Ray. “Sure thing, Annie. And come and visit this old man and bring that Christian with you.” I march back into the room—pissed at Christian for not warning me—and hand him the phone, my expression letting him know just how pissed I am. He’s amused as he takes the phone and heads back into his study. Two minutes later, he reappears. “I have your stepfather’s rather begrudging blessing,” he says proudly, so proudly, in fact, that it makes me giggle, and he grins at me. He’s acting like he’s just negotiated a major new merger or acquisition, which I suppose on one level, he has. “Damn, you’re a good cook, woman.” Christian swallows his last mouthful and raises his glass of white wine to me. I blossom under his praise, and it occurs to me I’ll only get to cook for him on weekends. I frown. I enjoy cooking. Perhaps I should have made him a cake for his birthday. I check my watch. I still have time. “Ana?” He interrupts my thoughts. “Why did you ask me not to take your photo?” His question startles me all the more because his voice is deceptively soft. Oh... shit. The photos. I stare down at my empty plate, twisting my fingers in my lap. What can I say? I’d promised myself not to mention that I’d found his version of Readers’ Wives. “Ana,” he snaps. “What is it?” He makes me jump, and his voice commands me to look at him. When did I think he didn’t intimidate me? “I found your photos,” I whisper. His eyes widen in shock. “You’ve been in the safe?” he asks, incredulous. “Safe? No. I didn’t know you had a safe.” He frowns. “I don’t understand.” “In your closet. The box. I was looking for your tie, and the box was under your jeans... the ones you normally wear in the playroom. Except today.” I flush. He gapes at me, appalled, and nervously runs his hand through his hair as he processes this information. He rubs his chin, lost in thought, but he can’t mask the perplexed annoyance etched on his face. Abruptly he shakes his head, exasperated—but amused, too—and a faint smile of admiration kisses the corner of his mouth. He steeples his hands in front of him and focuses on me once more.
“It’s not what you think. I’d forgotten all about them. That box has been moved. Those photographs belong in my safe.” “Who moved them?” I whisper. He swallows. “There’s only one person who could have done that.” “Oh. Who? And what do you mean, ‘it’s not what I think’?” He sighs and tilts his head to one side, and I think he’s embarrassed. So he should be! My subconscious snarls. “This is going to sound cold, but—they’re an insurance policy,” he whispers steeling himself for my response. “Insurance policy?” “Against exposure.” The penny drops and rattles uncomfortably round and round in my empty head. “Oh,” I murmur, because I can’t think of what else to say. I close my eyes. This is it. This is Fifty Shades of Fucked-Up, right here, right now. “Yes. You’re right,” I mutter. “That does sound cold.” I stand to clear our dishes. I don’t want to know any more. “Ana.” “Do they know? The girls... the subs?” He frowns. “Of course they know.” Oh, well, that’s something. He reaches out, grabbing me and pulling me to him. “Those photos are supposed to be in the safe. They’re not for recreational use.” He stops. “Maybe they were when they were taken originally. But—” He stops, imploring me. “They don’t mean anything.” “Who put them in your closet?” “It could only have been Leila.” “She knows your safe combination?” He shrugs. “It wouldn’t surprise me. It’s a very long combination, and I use it so rarely. It’s the one number I have written down and haven’t changed.” He shakes his head. “I wonder what else she knows and if she’s taken anything else out of there.” He frowns, then turns his attention back to me. “Look, I’ll destroy the photos. Now, if you like.”
“They’re your photos, Christian. Do with them as you wish,” I mutter. “Don’t be like that,” he says, taking my head in his hands and holding my gaze to his. “I don’t want that life. I want our life, together.” Holy cow. How does he know that beneath my horror about these photos is the fact that I’m paranoid? “Ana, I thought we exorcised all those ghosts this morning. I feel that way. Don’t you?” I blink at him, recalling our very, very pleasurable and romantic and downright dirty morning in his playroom. “Yes,” I smile. “Yes, I feel like that, too.” “Good.” He leans forward and kisses me, folding me in his arms. “I’ll shred them,” he murmurs. “And then I have to go to work. I’m sorry, baby, but I have a mountain of business to get through this afternoon.” “It’s cool. I have to call my mother.” I grimace. “Then I want to do some shopping and bake you a cake.” He grins and his eyes light up like a small boy’s. “A cake?” I nod. “A chocolate cake?” “You want a chocolate cake?” His grin is infectious. He nods. “I’ll see what I can do, Mr. Grey.” He kisses me once more. Carla is stunned into silence. “Mom, say something.” “You’re not pregnant, are you, Ana?” she whispers in horror. “No, no, no, nothing like that.” Disappointment slices through my heart, and I’m saddened that she would think that of me. But then I remember with an ever-sinking feeling that she was pregnant with me when she married my father.
“I’m sorry, darling. This is just so sudden. I mean, Christian is quite a catch, but you’re so young, and you should see a little of the world.” “Mom, can’t you just be happy for me? I love him.” “Darling, I just need to get used to the idea. It’s a shock. I could tell in Georgia that there was something very special between you two, but marriage...?” In Georgia he wanted me to be his submissive, but I won’t tell her that. “Have you set a date?” “No.” “I wish your father was alive,” she whispers. Oh no... not this. Not this, now. “I know, Mom. I would have liked to know him, too.” “He only held you once, and he was so proud. He thought you were the most beautiful girl in the world.” Her voice is a deathly hush as the familiar tale is retold... again. She will be in tears next. “I know, Mom.” “And then he died.” She sniffs, and I know this has set her off as it does every time. “Mom,” I whisper, wanting to reach down the phone and hold her. “I’m a silly old woman,” she murmurs and she sniffs again. “Of course I am happy for you, darling. Does Ray know?” she adds, and she seems to have recovered her equilibrium. “Christian’s just asked him.” “Oh, that’s sweet. Good.” She sounds melancholic, but she’s making an effort. “Yes, it was,” I murmur. “Ana, darling, I love you so much. I am happy for you. And you must both visit.” “Yes, Mom. I love you, too.” “Bob is calling me, I have to go. Let me have a date. We need to plan... are you having a big wedding?” Big wedding, crap. I haven’t even thought about that. Big wedding? No. I don’t want a big wedding. “I don’t know yet. As soon as I do, I’ll call.” “Good. You take care now and be safe. You two need to have some fun... plenty of time for kids later.”
Kids! Hmm... and there it is again—a not-so-veiled reference to the fact that she had me so early. “Mom, I didn’t really ruin your life, did I?” She gasps. “Oh no, Ana, never think that. You were the best thing that ever happened to your father and me. I just wish he was here to see you so grown up and getting married.” She’s wistful and maudlin again. “I wish that, too.” I shake my head thinking about my mythical father. “Mom, I’ll let you go. I’ll call soon.” “Love you, darling.” “Me, too, Mom. Good-bye.” Christian’s kitchen is a dream to work in. For a man who knows nothing about cooking, he seems to have everything. I suspect Mrs. Jones loves to cook, too. The only thing I need is some high quality chocolate for the frosting. I leave the two halves of the cake on a cooling rack, grab my purse, and pop my head around Christian’s study door. He’s concentrating on his computer screen. He looks up and smiles at me. “I’m just heading to the store to pick up some ingredients.” “Okay.” He frowns at me. “What?” “You going to put some jeans on or something?” Oh, come on. “Christian, they’re just legs.” He gazes at me, unamused. This is going to be a fight. And it’s his birthday. I roll my eyes at him, feeling like an errant teenager. “What if we were at the beach?” I take a different tack. “We’re not at the beach.” “Would you object if we were at the beach?” He considers this for a moment. “No,” he says simply. I roll my eyes again and smirk at him. “Well, just imagine we are. Laters.” I turn and bolt for the foyer. I make it to the elevator before he catches up with me. As the doors close, I wave at him, grinning sweetly as he watches, helpless—but fortunately amused—with narrowed eyes. He shakes his head in exasperation, then I can see him no more.
Oh, that was exciting. Adrenaline is pounding through my veins, and my heart feels like it wants to exit my chest. But as the elevator descends, so do my spirits. Shit, what have I done? I have a tiger by the tail. He’s going to be mad when I get back. My subconscious is glaring at me over her half-moon glasses, a willow switch in her hand. Shit. I think about what little experience I have with men. I’ve never lived with a man before—well, except Ray—and for some reason he doesn’t count. He’s my dad... well, the man I consider my dad. And now I have Christian. He’s never really lived with anyone, I think. I’ll have to ask him—if he’s still talking to me. But I feel strongly that I should wear what I like. I remember his rules. Yes, this must be hard for him, but he sure as hell paid for this dress. He should have given Neimans a better brief. Nothing too short! This skirt isn’t that short, is it? I check in the large mirror in the lobby. Damn. Yes, it is quite short, but I’ve made a stand now. And no doubt I’ll have to face the consequences. I wonder idly what he’ll do, but first I need cash. I stare at my receipt from the ATM: $51,689.16. That’s fifty thousand dollars too much! Anastasia, you’re going to have to learn to be rich, too, if you say yes. And so it begins. I take my paltry fifty dollars and make my way to the store. I head straight to the kitchen when I arrive back, and I can’t help feeling a frisson of alarm. Christian is still in his study. Jeez, that’s most of the afternoon. I decide my best option is to face him and see how much damage I’ve done. I peek cautiously around his study door. He’s on the phone, staring out the window. “And the Eurocopter specialist is due Monday afternoon?... Good. Just keep me informed. Tell them that I’ll need their initial findings either Monday evening or Tuesday morning.” He hangs up and swivels his chair round, but stills when he sees me, his expression impassive. “Hi,” I whisper. He says nothing, and my heart free-falls into my stomach. Gingerly I walk into his study and around his desk to where he’s sitting. He still says nothing, his eyes never leaving mine. I stand in front of him, feeling fifty shades of foolish. “I’m back. Are you mad at me?” He sighs, reaches out for my hand, and pulls me into his lap, folding his arms around me. He buries his nose in my hair. “Yes,” he says. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me.” I curl up in his lap inhaling his heavenly Christian smell, feeling safe regardless of the fact that he’s mad. “Me neither. Wear what you like,” he murmurs. He runs his hand up my bare leg to my thigh. “Besides, this dress has its advantages.” He bends to kiss me, and as our lips touch, passion or lust or a deep-
seated need to make amends lances through me and desire flares in my blood. I seize his head in my hands, fisting my fingers in his hair. He groans as his body responds, and he hungrily nips at my lower lip—my throat, my ear, his tongue invading my mouth, and before I’m even aware of it he’s unzipping his pants, pulling me astride his lap, and sinking into me. I grasp the back of the chair, my feet just touching the ground... and we start to move. “I like your version of sorry,” he breathes into my hair. “And I like yours,” I giggle, snuggling against his chest. “Have you finished?” “Christ, Ana, you want more?” “No! Your work.” “I’ll be done in about half an hour. I heard your message on my voicemail.” “From yesterday.” “You sounded worried.” I hug him tightly. “I was. It’s not like you not to respond.” He kisses my hair. “Your cake should be ready in half an hour.” I smile at him and climb off his lap. “Looking forward to it. It smelled delicious, evocative even, while it was baking.” I smile shyly down at him, feeling a little self-conscious, and he mirrors my expression. Jeez, are we really so different? Perhaps it’s his early memories of baking. Leaning down, I plant a swift kiss on the corner of his mouth and make my way back to the kitchen. I am all prepared when I hear him come out of his study, and I light the solitary gold candle on his cake. He gives me an ear-splitting grin as he saunters toward me, and I softly sing Happy Birthday to him. Then he leans over and blows it out, closing his eyes. “I’ve made my wish,” he says as he opens them again, and for some reason his look makes me flush. “The frosting is still soft. I hope you like it.” “I can’t wait to taste it, Anastasia,” he murmurs, and he makes that sound so rude. I cut us each a slice, and we dig in with small pastry forks. “Mmm,” he groans in appreciation. “This is why I want to marry you.”
And I laugh with relief... he likes it. “Ready to face my family?” Christian switches the R8 ignition off. We’re parked in his parents’ driveway. “Yes. Are you going to tell them?” “Of course. I’m looking forward to seeing their reactions.” He smiles wickedly at me and climbs out of the car. It is seven thirty, and though it’s been a warm day, there’s a cool evening breeze blowing off the bay. I pull my wrap around me as I step out of the car. I’m wearing an emerald green cocktail dress I found this morning while I was rummaging through the closet. It has a wide matching belt. Christian takes my hand, and we head to the front door. Carrick opens it wide before he can knock. “Christian, hello. Happy birthday, son.” He takes Christian’s proffered hand but pulls him into a brief hug, surprising him. “Er... thanks, Dad.” “Ana, how lovely to see you again.” He hugs me, too, and we follow him into the house. Before we can set foot in the living room, Kate comes barreling down the hallway toward the two of us. She looks furious. Oh no! “You two! I want to talk to you.” She snarls in her you-better-not-fucking-mess-with-me voice. I glance nervously at Christian, who shrugs and decides to humor her as we follow her into the dining room, leaving Carrick bemused on the threshold of the living room. She shuts the door and turns on me. “What the fuck is this?” she hisses and waves a piece of paper at me. Completely at a loss, I take it from her and scan it quickly. My mouth dries. Holy shit. It’s my e-mail response to Christian, discussing the contract.
All the color drains from my face as my blood turns to ice and fear lances through my body. Instinctively I step between her and Christian. “What is it?” Christian murmurs, his tone wary. I ignore him. I cannot believe Kate is doing this. “Kate! This is nothing to do with you.” I glare venomously at her, anger replacing my fear. How dare she do this? Not now, not today. Not on Christian’s birthday. Surprised by my response, she blinks at me, green eyes wide. “Ana, what is it?” Christian says again, his tone more menacing. “Christian, would you just go, please?” I ask him. “No. Show me.” He holds out his hand, and I know he’s not to be argued with—his voice is cold and hard. Reluctantly I give him the e-mail. “What’s he done to you?” Kate asks, ignoring Christian. She looks so apprehensive. I flush as a myriad of erotic images flit quickly across my mind. “That’s none of your business, Kate.” I can’t keep the exasperation out of my voice. “Where did you get this?” Christian asks, his head cocked to one side, his face expressionless, but his voice... so menacingly soft. Kate flushes.
“That’s irrelevant.” At his stony glare, she hastily continues. “It was in the pocket of a jacket—which I assume is yours—that I found on the back of Ana’s bedroom door.” Faced with Christian’s burning gray gaze, Kate’s steeliness slips a little, but she seems to recover and scowls at him. She’s a beacon of hostility in a slinky, bright red dress. She looks magnificent. But what the hell is she going through my clothes for? It’s usually the other way round. “Have you told anyone?” Christian’s voice is like a silk glove. “No! Of course not,” Kate snaps, affronted. Christian nods and appears to relax. He turns and heads toward the fireplace. Wordlessly Kate and I watch as he picks up a lighter from the mantelpiece, sets fire to the e-mail, and releases it, letting it float afire slowly into the grate until it is no more. The silence in the room is oppressive. “Not even Elliot?” I ask, turning my attention back to Kate. “No one,” Kate says emphatically, and for the first time she looks puzzled and hurt. “I just want to know you’re okay, Ana,” she whispers. “I’m fine, Kate. More than fine. Please, Christian and I are good, really good—this is old news. Please ignore it.” “Ignore it?” she says. “How can I ignore that? What’s he done to you?” And her green eyes are so full of heartfelt concern. “He hasn’t done anything to me, Kate. Honestly—I’m good.” She blinks at me. “Really?” she asks. Christian wraps an arm around me and draws me close, not taking his eyes off Kate. “Ana has consented to be my wife, Katherine,” he says quietly. “Wife!” Kate squeaks, her eyes widening in disbelief. “We’re getting married. We’re going to announce our engagement this evening,” he says. “Oh!” Kate gapes at me. She’s stunned. “I leave you alone for sixteen days, and this happens? It’s very sudden. So yesterday, when I said—” She gazes at me, lost. “Where does that e-mail fit into all this?” “It doesn’t, Kate. Forget it—please. I love him and he loves me. Don’t do this. Don’t ruin his party and our night,” I whisper. She blinks and unexpectedly her eyes are shining with tears. “No. Of course I won’t. You’re okay?” She wants reassurance.
“I’ve never been happier,” I whisper. She reaches forward and grabs my hand regardless of Christian’s arm wrapped around me. “You really are okay?” she asks hopefully. “Yes.” I grin at her, my joy returning. She’s back onside. She smiles at me, my happiness reflecting back on her. I step out of Christian’s hold, and she hugs me suddenly. “Oh, Ana—I was so worried when I read this. I didn’t know what to think. Will you explain it to me?” she whispers. “One day, not now.” “Good. I won’t tell anyone. I love you so much, Ana, like my own sister. I just thought... I didn’t know what to think. I’m sorry. If you’re happy, then I’m happy.” She looks directly at Christian and repeats her apology. He nods at her, his eyes glacial, and his expression does not change. Oh shit, he’s still mad. “I really am sorry. You’re right, it’s none of my business,” she whispers to me. There’s a knock on the door that startles Kate and I apart. Grace pokes her head around. “Everything okay, darling?” she asks Christian. “Everything’s fine, Mrs. Grey,” Kate says immediately. “Fine, Mom,” Christian says. “Good.” Grace enters. “Then you won’t mind if I give my son a birthday hug.” She beams at both of us. He hugs her tightly and thaws immediately. “Happy birthday, darling,” she says softly, closing her eyes in his embrace. “I’m so glad you’re still with us.” “Mom, I’m fine.” Christian smiles down at her. She pulls back, looks at him closely, and grins. “I’m so happy for you,” she says and caresses his face. He grins at her—his thousand megawatt smile. She knows! When did he tell her? “Well, kids, if you’ve all finished your tête-à-tête, there’s a throng of people here to check that you really are in one piece, Christian, and to wish you a happy birthday.” “I’ll be right there.”
Grace glances anxiously at Kate and me and seems reassured by our smiles. She winks at me as she holds the door open for us. Christian holds out his hand to me and I take it. “Christian, I really do apologize,” Kate says humbly. Humble Kate is something to behold. Christian nods at her, and we follow her out. In the hallway, I gaze anxiously up at Christian. “Does your mother know about us?” “Yes.” “Oh.” And to think our evening could have been derailed by the tenacious Miss Kavanagh. I shudder at the thought—the ramifications of Christian’s lifestyle revealed to all. Holy cow. “Well, that was an interesting start to the evening.” I smile sweetly at him. He glances down at me—and it’s back, his amused look. Thank heavens. “As ever, Miss Steele, you have a gift for understatement.” He raises my hand to his lips and kisses my knuckles as we walk into the living room to a sudden, spontaneous, and deafening round of applause. Crap. How many people are here? I scan the room quickly: all the Greys, Ethan with Mia, Dr. Flynn and his wife, I assume. There’s Mac from the boat, a tall, handsome African American—I remember seeing him in Christian’s office the first time I met Christian—Mia’s bitchy friend Lily, two women I don’t recognize at all, and... Oh no. My heart sinks. That woman... Mrs. Robinson. Gretchen materializes with a tray of champagne. She’s in a low-cut black dress, no pigtails but an updo, flushing and fluttering her eyelashes at Christian. The applause dies down, and Christian squeezes my hand as all eyes turn to him expectantly. “Thank you, everyone. Looks like I’ll need one of these.” He grabs two drinks off Gretchen’s tray and gives her a brief smile. I think Gretchen’s going to expire or swoon. He hands a glass to me. Christian raises his glass to the rest of the room, and immediately everyone surges forward. Leading the charge is the evil woman in black. Does she ever wear any other color? “Christian, I was so worried.” Elena gives him a brief hug and kisses both his cheeks. He doesn’t let me go despite the fact I try to free my hand. “I’m good, Elena,” Christian mutters coolly. “Why didn’t you call me?” Her plea is desperate, her eyes searching his. “I’ve been busy.” “Didn’t you get my messages?”
Christian shifts uncomfortably and pulls me closer, putting his arm around me. His face remains impassive as he regards Elena. She can no longer ignore me, so she nods politely in my direction. “Ana,” she purrs. “You look lovely, dear.” “Elena,” I purr back. “Thank you.” I catch Grace’s eye. She frowns, watching the three of us. “Elena, I need to make an announcement,” Christian says, eyeing her dispassionately. Her clear blue eyes cloud. “Of course.” She fakes a smile and steps back. “Everyone,” Christian calls. He waits for a moment until the buzz in the room dies down and all eyes are once more on him. “Thank you for coming today. I have to say I was expecting a quiet family dinner, so this is a pleasant surprise.” He stares pointedly at Mia, who grins and gives him a little wave. Christian shakes his head in exasperation and continues. “Ros and I”—he acknowledges the red-haired woman standing nearby with a small bubbly blonde—“we had a close call yesterday.” Oh, that’s the Ros that works with him. She grins and raises her glass to him. He nods back at her. “So I’m especially glad to be here today to share with all of you my very good news. This beautiful woman”—he glances down at me—“Miss Anastasia Rose Steele, has consented to be my wife, and I’d like you to be the first to know.” There are general gasps of astonishment, the odd cheer, and then a round of applause! Jeez—this is really happening. I think I am the color of Kate’s dress. Christian grasps my chin, lifts my lips to his, and kisses me quickly. “You’ll soon be mine.” “I am already,” I whisper. “Legally,” he mouths at me and gives me a wicked grin. Lily, who is standing beside Mia, looks crestfallen; Gretchen looks like she’s eaten something nasty and bitter. As I glance anxiously around at the assembled crowd, I catch sight of Elena. Her mouth is open. She’s stunned—horrified even, and I can’t help a small but intense feeling of satisfaction to see her dumbstruck. What the hell is she doing here, anyway? Carrick and Grace interrupt my uncharitable thoughts, and soon I am being hugged and kissed and passed around by all the Greys.
“Oh, Ana—I am so delighted you’re going to be family,” Grace gushes. “The change in Christian... He’s... happy. I am so thankful to you.” I blush, embarrassed by her exuberance but secretly delighted, too. “Where is the ring?” exclaims Mia as she embraces me. “Um...” A ring! Jeez. I hadn’t even thought about a ring. I glance anxiously up at Christian. “We’re going to choose one together.” Christian glowers at her. “Oh, don’t look at me like that, Grey!” she scolds him, then wraps her arms around him. “I’m so thrilled for you, Christian,” she says. She’s the only person I know who is not intimidated by the Grey glower. It has me quailing... Well, it certainly used to. “When will you get married? Have you set a date?” She beams up at Christian. He shakes his head, his exasperation palpable. “No idea, and no we haven’t. Ana and I need to discuss all that,” he says irritably. “I hope you have a big wedding—here,” she beams enthusiastically, ignoring his caustic tone. “We’ll probably fly to Vegas tomorrow,” he growls at her, and he’s rewarded with a full-on Mia Grey pouty grimace. Rolling his eyes, he turns to Elliot, who gives him his second bear hug in as many days. “Way to go, bro.” He claps Christian’s back. The response from the room is overwhelming, and it’s a few minutes before I find myself back beside Christian with Dr. Flynn. Elena seems to have disappeared, and Gretchen is sullenly refilling champagne glasses. Beside Dr. Flynn is a striking young woman with long, dark, almost black hair, cleavage, and lovely hazel eyes. “Christian,” says Flynn, holding out his hand. Christian shakes it gladly. “John. Rhian.” He kisses the dark-haired woman on her cheek. She’s petite and pretty. “Glad you’re still with us, Christian. My life would be most dull—and penurious—without you.” Christian smirks. “John!” Rhian scolds, much to Christian’s amusement. “Rhian, this is Anastasia, my fiancée. Ana, this is John’s wife.” “Delighted to meet the woman who has finally captured Christian’s heart.” Rhian smiles kindly at me. “Thank you,” I mutter, embarrassed again.
“That was one googly you bowled there, Christian,” Dr. Flynn shakes his head in amused disbelief. Christian frowns at him. “John—you and your cricket metaphors.” Rhian rolls her eyes. “Congratulations to the pair of you and happy birthday, Christian. What a wonderful birthday present.” She smiles broadly at me. I had no idea Dr. Flynn would be here, or Elena. It’s a shock, and I rack my brains to see if I have anything to ask him, but a birthday party hardly seems the appropriate venue for a psychiatric consult. For a few minutes, we make small talk. Rhian is a stay-at-home mom with two young boys. I deduce that she is the reason Dr. Flynn practices in the US. “She’s good, Christian, responding well to treatment. Another couple of weeks and we can consider an out-patient program.” Dr. Flynn’s and Christian’s voices are low, but I can’t help listening in, rather rudely tuning out Rhian. “So it’s all play-dates and diapers at the moment...” “That must take up your time.” I flush, turning my attention back to Rhian, who laughs sweetly. I know Christian and Flynn are discussing Leila. “Ask her something for me,” Christian murmurs. “So what do you do, Anastasia?” “Ana, please. I work in publishing.” Christian and Dr. Flynn lower their voices further; it’s so frustrating. But they stop when we’re joined by the two women I didn’t recognize earlier—Ros and the bubbly blonde whom Christian introduces as her partner, Gwen. Ros is charming, and I soon discover they live almost opposite Escala. She is full of praise for Christian’s piloting skills. It was her first time in Charlie Tango, and she says she wouldn’t hesitate to go again. She’s one of the few women I’ve met who isn’t dazzled by him... well, the reason is obvious. Gwen is giggly with a wry sense of humor, and Christian seems extraordinarily at ease with both of them. He knows them well. They don’t discuss work, but I can tell that Ros is one smart woman who can easily keep up with him. She also has a great, throaty, too-many-cigarettes laugh. Grace interrupts our leisurely conversation to inform everyone that dinner is being served buffet-style in the Grey kitchen. Slowly the guests make their way toward the back of the house. Mia collars me in the hallway. In her pale pink, frothy babydoll dress and killer heels, she towers over me like a Christmas tree fairy. She’s holding two cocktail glasses. “Ana,” she hisses conspiratorially. I glance up at Christian, who releases me with a best-of-luck-I-findher-impossible-to-deal-with-too look, and I sneak into the dining room with her.
“Here,” she says mischievously. “This is one of my dad’s special lemon martinis—much nicer than champagne.” She hands me a glass and watches anxiously while I take a tentative sip. “Hmm... delicious. But strong.” What does she want? Is she trying to get me drunk? “Ana, I need some advice. And I can’t ask Lily—she’s so judgmental about everything.” Mia rolls her eyes then grins at me. “She is so jealous of you. I think she was hoping one day that she and Christian might get together.” Mia bursts out laughing at the absurdity, and I quail inside. This is something I will have to contend with for a long time—other women wanting my man. I push the unwelcome thought out of my head and distract myself with the matter in hand. I take another sip of my martini. “I’ll try and help. Fire away.” “As you know, Ethan and I met recently, thanks to you.” She beams at me. “Yes.” Where the hell is she going with this? “Ana—he doesn’t want to date me.” She pouts. “Oh.” I blink at her, stunned, and I think, Maybe he’s just not that into you. “Look, that sounded all wrong. He doesn’t want to date because his sister is going out with my brother. You know—he thinks it’s all kind of incestuous. But I know he likes me. What can I do?” “Oh, I see,” I mutter, trying to buy myself some time. What can I say? “Can you agree to be friends and give it some time? I mean you’ve only just met him.” She cocks her eyebrow and I flush. “Look, I know I’ve only really just met Christian but...” I scowl at her not sure what I want to say. “Mia, this is something you and Ethan have to work out together. I would try the friendship route.” Mia grins. “You’ve learned that look from Christian.” I flush. “If you want advice, ask Kate. She may have some insight as to how her brother feels.” “You think?” Mia asks. “Yes.” I smile encouragingly. “Cool. Thanks, Ana.” She gives me another hug and scuttles excitedly—and impressively, given her high heels—to the door, no doubt off to bother Kate. I take another sip of my martini, and I’m about to follow her when I am stopped in my tracks.
Elena breezes into the room, her face taut, set in grim, angry determination. She closes the door quietly behind her and scowls at me. Oh crap. “Ana,” she sneers. I summon all my self-possession, slightly fuzzy from two glasses of champagne and the lethal cocktail I hold in my hand. I think the blood has drained from my face, but I marshal both my subconscious and my inner goddess in order to appear as calm and as unflappable as I can. “Elena.” My voice is small, but steady—despite my dry mouth. Why does this woman freak me out so much? And what does she want now? “I would offer you my heartfelt congratulations, but I think that would be inappropriate.” Her piercing cold blue eyes stare frostily into mine, filled with loathing. “I neither need nor want your congratulations, Elena. I’m surprised and disappointed to see you here.” She arches an eyebrow. I think she’s impressed. “I wouldn’t have thought of you as a worthy adversary, Anastasia. But you surprise me at every turn.” “I haven’t thought of you at all,” I lie, coolly. Christian would be proud. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I have much better things to do than waste my time with you.” “Not so fast, missy,” she hisses, leaning against the door, effectively blocking it. “What on earth do you think you’re doing, consenting to marry Christian? If you think for one minute you can make him happy, you’re very much mistaken.” “What I’m consenting to do with Christian is none of your concern.” I smile with sarcastic sweetness. She ignores me. “He has needs—needs you cannot possibly begin to satisfy,” she gloats. “What do you know of his needs?” I snarl. My sense of indignation flares brightly, burning inside me as adrenaline surges through my body. How dare this fucking bitch preach to me? “You’re nothing but a sick child molester, and if it was up to me, I’d toss you into the seventh circle of hell and walk away smiling. Now get out of my way—or do I have to make you?” “You’re making a big mistake here, lady.” She shakes a long, skinny, finely manicured finger at me. “How dare you judge our lifestyle? You know nothing, and you have no idea what you’re getting yourself into. And if you think he’s going to be happy with a mousy little gold-digger like you...” That’s it! I throw the rest of my lemon martini in her face, drenching her.
“Don’t you dare tell me what I’m getting myself into!” I shout at her. “When will you learn? It’s none of your goddamned business!” She gapes at me, horror struck, wiping the sticky drink off her face. I think she’s about to lunge at me, but she’s suddenly shunted forward as the door opens. Christian is standing in the doorway. It takes him a nanosecond to assess the situation—me ashen and shaking, her soaked and livid. His lovely face darkens and contorts with anger as he comes to stand between us. “What the fuck are you doing, Elena?” he says, his voice glacial and laced with menace. She blinks up at him. “She’s not right for you, Christian,” she whispers. “What?” he shouts, startling both of us. I can’t see his face but his whole body has tensed, and he radiates animosity. “How the fuck do you know what’s right for me?” “You have needs, Christian,” she says her voice softer. “I’ve told you before—this is none of your fucking business,” he roars. Oh crap—Very Angry Christian has reared his not-so-ugly head. People are going to hear. “What is this?” He pauses, glaring at her. “Do you think it’s you? You? You think you’re right for me?” His voice is softer but drips contempt, and suddenly I don’t want to be here. I don’t want to witness this intimate encounter. I’m intruding. But I’m stuck—my limbs unwilling to move. Elena swallows and seems to draw herself upright. Her stance changes subtly, becomes more commanding, and she steps toward him. “I was the best thing that ever happened to you,” she hisses arrogantly at him. “Look at you now. One of the richest, most successful, entrepreneurs in the US—controlled, driven—you need nothing. You are master of your universe.” He steps back as if he’s been struck and gapes at her in outraged disbelief. “You loved it, Christian, don’t try and kid yourself. You were on the road to self-destruction, and I saved you from that, saved you from a life behind bars. Believe me, baby, that’s where you would have ended up. I taught you everything you know, everything you need.” Christian blanches, staring at her in horror. When he speaks, his voice is low and incredulous. “You taught me how to fuck, Elena. But it’s empty, like you. No wonder Linc left.” Bile rises in my mouth. I should not be here. But I’m frozen to the spot, morbidly fascinated as they eviscerate each other.
“You never once held me,” Christian whispers. “You never once said you loved me.” She narrows her eyes. “Love is for fools, Christian.” “Get out of my house.” Grace’s implacable, furious voice startles us. Three heads swing rapidly to where Grace stands on the threshold of the room. She is glaring at Elena, who pales beneath her St. Tropez tan. Time seems suspended as we collectively take a deep gasping breath, and Grace stalks deliberately into the room. Her eyes blaze with fury, never once leaving Elena, until she stands before her. Elena’s eyes widen in alarm, and Grace slaps her hard across the face, the sound of the impact resounding off the walls of the dining room. “Take your filthy paws off my son, you whore, and get out of my house—now!” she hisses through gritted teeth. Elena clutches her reddening cheek and stares in horror for a moment, shocked and blinking at Grace. Then she hurries from the room, not bothering to close the door behind her. Grace turns slowly to face Christian and a tense silence settles like a thick blanket over us as Christian and Grace stare at each other. After a beat, Grace speaks. “Ana, before I hand him over to you, would you mind giving me a minute or two alone with my son?” Her voice is quiet, husky, but oh-so-strong. “Of course,” I whisper, and exit as quickly as I can, glancing anxiously over my shoulder. But neither of them look at me as I leave. They continue to stare at each other, their unspoken communication blaringly loud. In the hallway, I am momentarily lost. My heart pounds and my blood races through my veins... I feel panicked and out of my depth. Holy fuck, that was heavy and now Grace knows. Crap. I can’t think what she’s going to say to Christian, and I know it’s wrong, I know, but I lean against the door trying to listen. “How long, Christian?” Grace’s voice is soft. I can barely hear her. I cannot hear his reply. “How old were you?” Her voice is more insistent. “Tell me. How old were you when this all started?” Again I can’t hear Christian. “Everything okay, Ana?” Ros interrupts me. “Yes. Fine. Thank you. I...” Ros smiles. “I’m just going to fetch my purse. I need a cigarette.” For a brief moment, I contemplate joining her.
“I’m off to the bathroom.” I need to gather my wits and my thoughts, to process what I’ve just witnessed and heard. Upstairs seems the safest place to be on my own. I watch Ros stroll into the drawing room, and I bolt two stairs at a time to the second floor, then up to the third. There’s only one place I want to be. I open the door to Christian’s childhood bedroom and shut it behind me, taking a huge gulping breath. Heading for his bed, I flop onto it and stare at the plain white ceiling. Holy cow. That has to be, without doubt, one of the most excruciating confrontations I’ve ever had to endure, and now I feel numb. My fiancé and his ex-lover—no would-be bride should have to see that. Having said that, part of me is glad she’s revealed her true self, and that I was there to bear witness. My thoughts turn to Grace. Poor Grace, to hear all that. I clutch one of Christian’s pillows. She’ll have overheard that Christian and Elena had an affair—but not the nature of it. Thank heavens. I groan. What am I doing? Perhaps the evil witch had a point. No, I refuse to believe that. She’s so cold and cruel. I shake my head. She’s wrong. I am right for Christian. I am what he needs. And in a moment of stunning clarity, I don’t question how he’s lived his life until recently—but why. His reasons for doing what he’s done to countless girls—I don’t even want to know how many. The how isn’t wrong. They were all adults. They were all—how did Flynn put it?—in safe, sane, consensual relationships. It’s the why. The why was wrong. The why was from his place of darkness. I close my eyes and drape my arm over them. But now he’s moved on, left it behind, and we are both in the light. I’m dazzled by him and he by me. We can guide each other. A thought occurs to me. Shit! A gnawing, insidious thought and I’m in the one place where I can lay this ghost to rest. I sit up. Yes, I must do this. Shakily I get to my feet, kick off my shoes, walk over to his desk, and examine the pin board above it. The photos of young Christian are all still there—more poignant than ever as I think of the spectacle I’ve just witnessed between him and Mrs. Robinson. And there in the corner is the small black and white photo—his mother, the crack whore. I switch on the desk lamp and focus the light on her picture. I don’t even know her name. She looks so much like him but younger and sadder and all I feel, looking at her sorrowful face, is compassion. I try to see the similarities between her face and mine. I squint at the picture, getting really, really close, and see none. Except maybe our hair, but I think hers is lighter than mine. I don’t look like her at all. It’s a relief. My subconscious tuts at me, arms crossed, glaring over her half-moon glasses. Why are you torturing yourself? You’ve said yes. You’ve made your bed. I purse my lips at her. Yes I have, gladly so. I want to lie in that bed with Christian for the rest of my life. My inner goddess, sitting in the lotus position, smiles serenely. Yes. I’ve made the right decision.
I must find him—Christian will be worried. I have no idea how long I’ve been in his room; he’ll think that I’ve fled. I roll my eyes as I contemplate his overreaction. I hope that he and Grace have finished. I shudder to think what else she might have said to him. I meet Christian as he climbs the stairs to the second floor, looking for me. His face is strained and weary—not the carefree Fifty I arrived with. As I stand on the landing, he stops on the top stair so that we are eye to eye. “Hi,” he says cautiously. “Hi,” I answer warily. “I was worried—” “I know,” I interrupt him. “I’m sorry—I couldn’t face the festivities. I just had to get away, you know. To think.” Reaching up, I caress his face. He closes his eyes and leans his face into my hand. “And you thought you’d do that in my room?” “Yes.” He reaches for my hand and pulls me into an embrace, and I go willingly into his arms, my favorite place in the whole world. He smells of fresh laundry, body wash, and Christian—the most calming and arousing scent on the planet. He inhales with his nose in my hair. “I’m sorry you had to endure all that.” “It’s not your fault, Christian. Why was she here?” He gazes down at me, and his mouth curls apologetically. “She’s a family friend.” I try not to react. “Not any more. How’s your mom?” “Mom is pretty fucking mad at me right now. I’m really glad you’re here, and that we’re in the middle of a party. Otherwise I might be breathing my last.” “That bad, huh?” He nods, his eyes serious, and I sense his bewilderment at her reaction. “Can you blame her?” My voice is quiet, cajoling. He hugs me tightly and he seems uncertain, processing his thoughts. Finally he answers. “No.”
Whoa! Breakthrough. “Can we sit?” I ask. “Sure. Here?” I nod and we both sit at the top of the stairs. “So, how do you feel?” I ask, anxiously clutching his hand and gazing at his sad, serious face. He sighs. “I feel liberated.” He shrugs, then beams—a glorious, carefree Christian smile, and the weariness and strain present moments ago have vanished. “Really?” I beam back. Wow, I’d crawl over broken glass for that smile. “Our business relationship is over. Done.” I frown at him. “Will you liquidate the salon business?” He snorts. “I’m not that vindictive, Anastasia,” he admonishes me. “No. I’ll gift them to her. I’ll talk to my lawyer Monday. I owe her that much.” I arch an eyebrow at him. “No more Mrs. Robinson?” His mouth twists in amusement and he shakes his head. “Gone.” I grin. “I’m sorry you lost a friend.” He shrugs then smirks. “Are you?” “No,” I confess, flushing. “Come.” He stands and offers me his hand. “Let’s join the party in our honor. I might even get drunk.” “Do you get drunk?” I ask as I take his hand. “Not since I was a wild teenager.” We walk down the stairs. “Have you eaten?” he asks. Ohcrap. “No.”
“Well you should. From the look and smell of Elena, that was one of my father’s lethal cocktails you threw over her.” He gazes at me, trying and failing to keep the amusement off his face. “Christian, I—” He holds up his hand. “No arguing, Anastasia. If you’re going to drink—and throw alcohol over my exes—you need to eat. It’s rule number one. I believe we’ve already had that discussion after our first night together.” Oh yes. The Heathman. Back in the hallway, he pauses to caress my face, his fingers skimming my jaw. “I lay awake for hours and watched you sleep,” he murmurs. “I might have loved you even then.” Oh. He leans down and kisses me softly, and I melt everywhere, all the tension of the last hour or so seeping languidly from my body. “Eat,” he whispers. “Okay,” I acquiesce because right now I’d probably do anything for him. Taking my hand, he leads me toward the kitchen where the party is in full swing. “Goodnight, John, Rhian.” “Congratulations again, Ana. You two will be just fine.” Dr. Flynn smiles kindly at us, standing arm in arm in the hallway as he and Rhian take their leave. “Goodnight.” Christian closes the door and shakes his head. He gazes down at me, his eyes suddenly bright with excitement. What’s this? “Just the family left. I think my mother has had too much to drink.” Grace is singing karaoke on some game console in the family room. Kate and Mia are giving her a run for her money. “Do you blame her?” I smirk at him, trying to keep the atmosphere between us light. I succeed. “Are you smirking at me, Miss Steele?” “I am.”
“It’s been quite a day.” “Christian, recently, every day with you has been quite a day.” My voice is sardonic. He shakes his head. “Fair point well made, Miss Steele. Come—I want to show you something.” Taking my hand, he leads me through the house to the kitchen where Carrick, Ethan, and Elliot are talking Mariners, drinking the last of the cocktails, and eating leftovers. “Off for a stroll?” Elliot teases suggestively as we make our way through the French doors. Christian ignores him. Carrick frowns at Elliot, shaking his head in a silent rebuke. As we make our way up the steps to the lawn, I take off my shoes. The half-moon shines brightly over the bay. It’s brilliant, casting everything in myriad of shades of gray as the lights of Seattle twinkle sweetly in the distance. The lights of the boathouse are on, a soft glowing beacon in the cool cast of the moon. “Christian, I’d like to go to church tomorrow.” “Oh?” “I prayed you’d come back alive and you did. It’s the least I could do.” “Okay.” We wander hand in hand in a relaxed silence for a few moments. Then something occurs to me. “Where are you going to put the photos José took of me?” “I thought we might put them in the new house.” “You bought it?” He stops to stare at me, and his voice full of concern. “Yes. I thought you liked it.” “I do. When did you buy it?” “Yesterday morning. Now we need to decide what to do with it,” he murmurs, relieved. “Don’t knock it down. Please. It’s such a lovely house. It just needs some tender loving care.” Christian glances at me and smiles. “Okay. I’ll talk to Elliot. He knows a good architect; she did some work on my place is Aspen. He can do the remodeling.” I snort, suddenly remembering the last time we crossed the lawn under the moonlight to the boathouse. Oh, perhaps that’s what we’re going to do now. I grin. “What?”
“I remember the last time you took me to the boathouse.” Christian chuckles quietly. “Oh, that was fun. In fact...” He suddenly stops and scoops me over his shoulder, and I squeal, though we don’t have far to go. “You were really angry, if I remember correctly,” I gasp. “Anastasia, I’m always really angry.” “No you’re not.” He swats my behind as he stops outside the wooden door. He slides me down his body back to the ground and takes my head in his hands. “No, not anymore.” Leaning down, he kisses me, hard. When he pulls away, I’m breathless and desire is racing round my body. He gazes down at me, and in the glow of the strip of light coming from inside the boathouse, I can see he’s anxious. My anxious man, not a white knight or a dark knight, but a man—a beautiful, not-quite-sofucked-up man—whom I love. I reach up and caress his face, running my fingers through his sideburns and along his jaw to his chin, then let my index finger touch his lips. He relaxes. “I’ve something to show you in here,” he murmurs and opens the door. The harsh light of the fluorescents illuminates the impressive motor launch in the dock, bobbing gently on the dark water. There’s a row boat beside it. “Come.” Christian takes my hand and leads me up the wooden stairs. Opening the door at the top, he steps aside to let me in. My mouth drops to the floor. The attic is unrecognizable. The room is filled with flowers... there are flowers everywhere. Someone has created a magical bower of beautiful wild meadow flowers mixed with glowing fairy lights and miniature lanterns that glow soft and pale round the room. My face whips round to meet his, and he’s gazing at me, his expression unreadable. He shrugs. “You wanted hearts and flowers,” he murmurs. I blink at him, not quite believing what I’m seeing. “You have my heart.” And he waves toward the room. “And here are the flowers,” I whisper, completing his sentence. “Christian, it’s lovely.” I can’t think of what else to say. My heart is in my mouth as tears prick my eyes. Tugging my hand, he pulls me into the room, and before I know it, he’s sinking to one knee in front of me. Holy hell... I did not expect this! I stop breathing.
From his inside jacket pocket he produces a ring and gazes up at me, his eyes bright gray and raw, full of emotion. “Anastasia Steele. I love you. I want to love, cherish, and protect you for the rest of my life. Be mine. Always. Share my life with me. Marry me.” I blink down at him as my tears fall. My Fifty, my man. I love him so, and all I can say as the tidal wave of emotion hits me is, “Yes.” He grins, relieved, and slowly slides the ring on my finger. It’s beautiful, an oval diamond in a platinum ring. Jeez—it’s big... Big, but oh-so-simple and stunning in its simplicity. “Oh, Christian,” I sob, suddenly overwhelmed with joy, and I join him on my knees, my fingers fisting in his hair as I kiss him, kiss him with all my heart and soul. Kiss this beautiful man, who loves me as I love him; and as he wraps his arms around me, his hands moving to my hair, his mouth on mine. I know deep down I will always be his, and he will always be mine. We’ve come so far together, we have so far to go, but we are made for each other. We are meant to be. The cigarette end glows brightly in the darkness as he takes a deep pull. He blows the smoke out in a long exhale, finishing with two smoke rings that dissolve in front of him, pale and ghostly in the moonlight. He shifts in his seat, bored, and takes a quick shot of cheap bourbon from a bottle wrapped in shabby brown paper before resting it back between his thighs. He can’t believe he’s still on the trail. His mouth twists in a sardonic sneer. The helicopter had been a rash and bold move. One of the most exhilarating things he’d ever done in his life. But to no avail. He rolls his eyes ironically. Who would have thought the son-of-a-bitch could actually fly the fucker? He snorts. They have underestimated him. If Grey thought for one minute he’d go whimpering quietly into the dusk, that prick didn’t know jack shit. It had been the same all his life. People constantly underestimating him—just a man who reads books. Fuck that! A man with a photographic memory who reads books. Oh, the things he’s learned, the things he knows. He snorts again—Yeah, about you, Grey. The things I know about you. Not bad for a kid from the gutter end of Detroit. Not bad for the kid who won a scholarship to Princeton. Not bad for the kid who worked his ass off through college and got into publishing. And now all of that’s fucked, fucked because of Grey and his little bitch. He scowls at the house as if it represents everything he despises. But there’s nothing doing. The only drama had been the stacked,
blond broad in black, teetering down the driveway in tears before she climbed into the white CLK and fucked off. He chuckles mirthlessly, then winces. Fuck, his ribs. Still sore from the swift kicking Grey’s henchman delivered. He replays the scene in his mind. “You fucking touch Miss Steele again, I’ll fucking kill you.” That motherfucker will get it good, too. Yeah—get what’s coming to him. He settles back in his seat. Looks like it’s going to be a long night. He’ll stay, watch, and wait. He takes another toke of his Marlboro red. His chance will come. His chance will come soon. End of Part Two...


Prologue Mommy! Mommy! Mommy is asleep on the floor. She has been asleep for a long time. I brush her hair because she likes that. She doesn’t wake up. I shake her. Mommy! My tummy hurts. It is hungry. He isn’t here. I am thirsty. In the kitchen I pull a chair to the sink and I have a drink. The water splashes over my blue sweater. Mommy is still asleep. Mommy wake up! She lies still. She is cold. I fetch my blankie and I cover Mommy and I lie down on the sticky green rug beside her. Mommy is still asleep. I have two toy cars. They race by the floor where Mommy is sleeping. I think Mommy is sick. I search for something to eat. In the icebox I find peas. They are cold. I eat them slowly. They make my tummy hurt. I sleep beside Mommy. The peas are gone. In the icebox is something. It smells funny. I lick it and my tongue is stuck to it. I eat it slowly. It tastes nasty. I drink some water. I play with my cars and I sleep beside Mommy. Mommy is so cold and she won’t wake up. The door crashes open. I cover Mommy with my blankie . He’s here. Fuck. What the fuck happened here? Oh the crazy fucked up bitch. Shit. Fuck. Get out of my way, you little shit. He kicks me and I hit my head on the floor. My head hurts. He calls somebody and he goes. He locks the door. I lay down beside Mommy. My head hurts. The lady policeman is here. No. No. No. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me. I stay by Mommy. No. Stay away from me. The lady policeman has my blankie and she grabs me. I scream. Mommy! Mommy! I want my Mommy. The words are gone. I can’t say the words. Mommy can’t hear me. I have no words. “Christian! Christian!” Her voice is urgent, pulling him from the depths of his nightmare, the depths of his despair. “I’m here. I’m here.” He wakes and she’s leaning over him, grasping his shoulders, shaking him, her face etched with anguish, blue eyes wide and brimming with tears. “Ana,” His voice is a breathless whisper, the taste of fear tarnishing his mouth. “You’re here.” “Of course I’m here.” “I had a dream . . .” “I know. I’m here, I’m here.” “Ana.” He breathes her name and it’s a talisman against the black choking panic that courses through his body.
“Hush, I’m here.” She curls around him, her limbs cocooning him, her warmth leeching into his body, forcing back the shadows, forcing back the fear. She is sunshine, she is light . . . she is his. “Please let’s not fight.” His voice is hoarse as he wraps his arms around her. “Okay.” “The vows. No obeying. I can do that. We’ll find a way.” The words rush out of his mouth in a tumble of emotion and confusion and anxiety. “Yes. We will. We will always find a way,” she whispers and her lips are on his, silencing him, bringing him back to the now. Chapter One I stare up through gaps in the sea grass parasol at the bluest of skies, summer blue, Mediterranean blue with a contented sigh. Christian is beside me, stretched out on a sun lounger. My husband—my hot, beautiful husband, shirtless, and in cut-off jeans—is reading a book predicting the collapse of the Western banking system. By all accounts it’s a page-turner; I haven’t seen him sit this still, ever. He looks more like a student than the hotshot CEO of one the top privately owned companies in the United States. On the final leg of our honeymoon, we laze in the afternoon sun on the beach of the aptly named Beach Plaza Monte Carlo in Monaco, although we’re not actually staying in this hotel. I open my eyes and gaze out at the Fair Lady anchored in the harbor. We are staying, of course, on board a luxury motor yacht. Built in 1928, she floats majestically on the water, queen of the all the yachts in the harbor. She looks like a child’s wind-up toy. Christian loves her—I suspect he’s tempted to buy her. Honestly, boys and their toys. Sitting back, I listen to the Christian Grey mix on my new iPod and doze in the late afternoon sun, idly remembering his proposal; oh his dreamy proposal in the boathouse . . . I can almost smell the scent of the meadow flowers . . . ~o0o~ “Can we marry tomorrow?” Christian murmurs softly in my ear. I am sprawled on his chest in the flowery bower in the boathouse, sated from our passionate lovemaking. “Hmm.” “Is that a yes?” I hear his hopeful surprise.
“Hmm.” “A no?” “Hmm.” I sense his grin. “Miss Steele, are you incoherent?” I grin. “Hmm.” He laughs and hugs me tightly, kissing the top of my head. “Vegas, tomorrow, it is then.” Sleepily I raise my head. “I don’t think my parents would be very happy with that.” He thrums his fingertips up and down my naked back, caressing me gently. “What do you want, Anastasia? Vegas? A big wedding with all the trimmings? Tell me.” “Not big . . . Just friends and family.” I gaze up at him moved by the quiet entreaty in his glowing gray eyes. What does he want? “Okay.” He nods. “Where?” I shrug. “Could we do it here?” he asks tentatively. “Your folks’ place? Would they mind?” He snorts. “My mother would be in seventh heaven.” “Okay, here. I’m sure my mom and dad would prefer that.” He strokes my hair. Could I be any happier? “So, we’ve established where, now the when.” “Surely you should ask your mother.” “Hmm.” Christian’s smile dips. “She can have a month, that’s it. I want you too much to wait any longer.” “Christian, you have me. You’ve had me for a while. But okay—a month it is.” I kiss his chest, a soft chaste kiss, and smile up at him. ~o0o~ “You’ll burn.” Christian whispers in my ear, startling me from my doze.
“Only for you.” I give him my sweetest smile. The late afternoon sun has shifted, and I am under its full glare. He smirks and in one swift move pulls my sun lounger into the shade of the parasol. “Out of the Mediterranean sun, Mrs. Grey.” “Thank you for your altruism, Mr. Grey.” “My pleasure, Mrs. Grey, and I’m not being altruistic at all. If you burn, I won’t be able to touch you.” He raises an eyebrow, his eyes shining with mirth, and my heart expands. “But I suspect you know that and you’re laughing at me.” “Would I?” I gasp, feigning innocence. “Yes you would and you do. Often. It’s one of the many things I love about you.” He leans down and kisses me, playfully biting my lower lip. “I was hoping you’d rub me down with more suntan lotion.” I pout against his lips. “Mrs. Grey, it’s a dirty job . . . but that’s an offer I can’t refuse. Sit up,” he orders, his voice husky. I do as I’m told, and with slow meticulous strokes from strong and supple fingers, he coats me in sun lotion. “You really are very lovely. I’m a lucky man,” he murmurs as his fingers skim over my breasts, spreading the lotion. “Yes you are, Mr. Grey.” I gaze coyly up at him through my lashes. “Modesty becomes you, Mrs. Grey. Turn over. I want to do your back.” Smiling, I roll over, and he undoes the back strap of my hideously expensive bikini. “How would you feel if I went topless, like the other women on the beach?” I ask. “Displeased,” he says without hesitation. “I’m not very happy about you wearing so little right now.” He leans down and whispers in my ear. “Don’t push your luck.” “Is that a challenge, Mr. Grey?” “No. It’s a statement of fact, Mrs. Grey.” I sigh and shake my head. Oh Christian . . . my possessive, jealous, control freak Christian. When he’s finished, he slaps my behind. “You’ll do, wench.” His ever-present, ever-active BlackBerry buzzes. I frown and he smirks.
“My eyes only, Mrs. Grey.” He raises his eyebrow in playful warning, slaps my backside once more, and sits back down on his lounger to take the call. My inner goddess purrs. Maybe tonight we could do some kind of floor show for his eyes only. She smirks knowingly, arching a brow. I grin at the thought and drift back into my afternoon siesta. “Mam’selle? Un Perrier pour moi, un Coca-Cola light p our ma femme, s’il vous plait. Et quelque chose a manger. . . laissez-moi voir la carte.” Hmm . . . Christian speaking fluent French wakes me. My eyelashes flutter in the glare of the sun, and I find Christian watching me while a liveried young woman walks away, her tray held aloft, her high blond ponytail swinging provocatively. “Thirsty?” he asks. “Yes,” I mutter sleepily. “I could watch you all day. Tired?” I flush. “I didn’t get much sleep last night.” “Me neither.” He grins, puts down his BlackBerry and stands. His shorts fall a little and hang . . . in that way so his swim trunks are visible beneath. Christian takes his shorts off, stepping out of his flipflops. I lose my train of thought. “Come for a swim with me.” He holds out his hand while I look up at him, dazed. “Swim?” he says again, cocking his head to one side, an amused expression on his face. When I don’t respond, he shakes his head slowly. “I think you need a wake-up call.” Suddenly he pounces, reaching down and lifting me into his arms while I shriek, more from surprise than alarm. “Christian! Put me down!” I squeal. He chuckles. “Only in the sea, baby.” Several sunbathers on the beach watch with that bemused disinterest so typical, I now realize, of the French as Christian carries me to the sea, laughing, and wades in. I clasp my arms around his neck. “You wouldn’t.” I say breathlessly, trying to stifle my giggling. He grins down at me. “Oh Ana, baby, have you learned nothing in the short time we’ve known each other?” He leans down and kisses me, and I seize my opportunity, running my fingers through his hair,
grasping two handfuls and kissing him back, invading his mouth with my tongue. He inhales sharply and leans back, eyes smoky but wary. “I know your game,” he whispers and he slowly sinks into the cool, clear water, taking me with him as his lips find mine once more. The chill of the Mediterranean is soon forgotten as I wrap myself around my husband. “I thought you wanted to swim,” I murmur against his mouth. “You’re very distracting.” Christian grazes his teeth along my lower lip. “But I’m not sure I want the good people of Monte Carlo to see my wife in the throes of passion.” I run my teeth along his jaw, his stubble tickly against my tongue, not caring a dime for the good people of Monte Carlo. “Ana,” he groans. He wraps his wrist around my ponytail and tugs gently, tilting my head back, exposing my throat. He trails kisses from my ear down my neck. “Shall I take you in the sea?” he breathes. “Yes,” I whisper. Christian pulls away and gazes down at me, his eyes warm, wanting and amused. “Mrs. Grey, you’re insatiable, and so brazen. What sort of monster have I created?” “A monster fit for you. Would you have me any other way?” “I’ll take you any way I can get you, you know that. But not right now. Not with an audience.” He jerks his head toward the shore. What? Sure enough, several sunbathers on the beach have abandoned their indifference and now regard us with interest. Suddenly, Christian grabs me around my waist and launches me into the air, letting me fall into the water and sink beneath the waves to the soft sand below. I surface, coughing, spluttering and giggling. “Christian!” I scold, glaring at him. I thought we were going to make love in the sea . . . and chalk up yet another first. He bites his lower lip to stifle his amusement. I splash him, and he splashes me right back. “We have all night,” he says, grinning like a fool. “Laters, baby.” He dives beneath the sea and surfaces three feet away from me, then in a fluid, graceful crawl, swims away from the shore, away from me. Gah! Playful, tantalizing Fifty! I shield my eyes from the sun as I watch him go. He’s such a tease . . . what can I do to get him back?
While I swim back to the shore, I contemplate my options. At the sun loungers our drinks have arrived and I take a quick sip of Coke. Christian is a faint speck in the distance. Hmm . . . I lie down on my front and, fumbling with the straps, take my bikini top off and toss it casually onto Christian’s sun lounger. There . . . see how brazen I can be, Mr. Grey. Put this in your pipe and smoke it. I shut my eyes and let the sun warm my skin . . . warm my bones, and I drift away under its heat, my thoughts turning to my wedding day. ~o0o~ “You may kiss the bride,” Reverend Walsh gushes. I beam up at my husband. “Finally, you’re mine,” he whispers, and he pulls me into his arms and kisses me chastely on the lips. I am married. I am Mrs. Christian Grey. I am giddy with joy. “You look beautiful, Ana,” he murmurs and smiles, his eyes glowing with love . . . and something darker, something hot. “Don’t let anyone take that dress off but me, understand?” His smile heats a hundred degrees as his fingertips trail down my cheek, igniting my blood. Holy crap . . . How does he do this, even here with all these people staring at us? I nod mutely. Jeez, I hope no one can hear us. Luckily Reverend Walsh has discreetly stepped back. I glance at the throng gathered in their wedding finery . . . My mom, Ray, Bob, and the Greys are all applauding—even Kate, my maid of honor, who looks stunning in pale pink as she stands beside Christian’s best man, his brother, Elliot. Who knew that even Elliot could scrub up so well? All wear huge, beaming smiles—except Grace, who weeps graciously into a dainty white handkerchief. “Ready to party, Mrs. Grey?” Christian murmurs, giving me his shy smile. I melt. He looks divine in a simple black tux with silver waistcoat and tie. He’s so . . . dashing. “Ready as I’ll ever be.” I grin, a totally goofy smile on my face. Later the wedding party is in full swing . . . Carrick and Grace have gone to town. They have the marquee set up again and beautifully decorated in pale pink, silver and ivory with its sides open, facing the bay. We have been blessed with fine weather, and the late afternoon sun shines over the water. There’s a dance floor at one end of the marquee, a lavish buffet at the other. Ray and my mother are dancing and laughing with each other. I feel bittersweet watching them together. I hope Christian and I last longer. I don’t know what I’d do if he left me. Marry in haste, repent at leisure. The saying haunts me. Kate is beside me, looking so beautiful in her long silk gown. She glances at me and frowns. “Hey, this is supposed to be the happiest day of your life,” she scolds. “It is,” I whisper.
“Oh Ana, what’s wrong? Are you watching your mom and Ray?” I nod sadly. “They’re happy.” “Happier apart.” “You’re having doubts?” Kate asks, alarmed. “No, not at all. It’s just . . . I love him so much.” I freeze, unable or unwilling to articulate my fears. “Ana, it’s obvious he adores you. I know you had an unconventional start to your relationship, but I can see how happy you’ve both been over the past month.” She grasps my hands, squeezing them. “Besides, it’s too late now,” she adds, grinning at me. I giggle. Trust Kate to point out the obvious. She pulls me into a Katherine Kavanagh Special Hug. “Ana, you’ll be fine. And if he does hurt one hair on your head, he’ll have me to answer to.” Releasing me, she grins at whoever is behind me. “Hi, baby.” Christian puts his arms around me, surprising me, and kisses my temple. “Kate,” he acknowledges. He’s still cool toward her even after six weeks. “Hello again, Christian. I’m off to find your best man, who happens to be my best man, too.” With a smile to us both, she heads over to Elliot, who is drinking with her brother Ethan and our friend José. “Time to go,” Christian murmurs. “Already? This is the first party I’ve been to where I don’t mind being the center of attention.” I turn in his arms to face him. “You deserve to be. You look stunning, Anastasia.” “So do you.” He smiles down at me, his expression heating. “This beautiful dress becomes you.” “This old thing?” I flush shyly and pull at the fine lace trim of the simple, fitted wedding dress designed for me by Kate’s mother. I love that the lace is just off the shoulder; demure, yet alluring, I hope. He bends and kisses me. “Let’s go. I don’t want to share you with all these people anymore.” “Can we leave our own wedding?” “Baby, it’s our party, and we can do whatever we want. We’ve cut the cake. And right now, I’d like to whisk you away and have you all to myself.” I giggle. “You have me for a lifetime, Mr. Grey.”
“I’m very glad to hear that, Mrs. Grey.” “Oh, there you two are! Such lovebirds.” I groan inwardly . . . Grace’s mother has found us. “Christian, darling—one more dance with your grandma?” Christian’s lips purse slightly. “Of course, Grandmother.” “And you, beautiful Anastasia, go and make an old man happy— dance with Theo.” “Theo?” “Grandpa Trevelyan.’ “Oh, I think you can call me Grandma. Now, you two seriously need to get working on my great- grandkids. I won’t last too much longer.” She gives us both a simpering smile. Christian blinks at her in horror. “Come, Grandmother,” he says, hurriedly taking her hand and leading her to the dance floor. He glances back at me, practically pouting, and rolls his eyes. “Laters, baby.” As I walk toward Grandpa Trevelyan, José accosts me. “I won’t ask you for another dance. I think I monopolized too much of your time on the dance floor as it is . . . I’m happy to see you happy, but I’m serious, Ana. I’ll be here . . . If you need me.” “José, thank you. You’re a good friend.” “I mean it.” His dark eyes burn bright with sincerity. “I know you do. Thank you, José. Now if you’ll please excuse me— I have a date with an old man.” He blinks at me in incomprehension. “Christian’s grandfather,” I clarify. He grins. “Good luck with that, Annie. Good luck with everything.” “Thanks, José.”
After my dance with Christian’s ever-charming grandfather, I stand by the French doors, watching the sun sink slowly over Seattle, casting bright orange and aquamarine shadows across the bay. “Let’s go,” Christian urges. “I have to change.” I grasp his hand, meaning to pull him through the French windows and upstairs with me. He frowns, not understanding, and tugs gently on my hand, halting me. “I thought you wanted to be the one to take this dress off,” I explain. His eyes light up. “Correct.” He gives me a lascivious grin. “But I’m not undressing you here. We wouldn’t leave until . . . I don’t know . . .” He waves his long-fingered hand, leaving his sentence unfinished but his meaning quite clear. I flush and let go of his hand. “And don’t take your hair down either,” he murmurs darkly. “But—” “No buts, Anastasia. You look beautiful. And I want to be the one to undress you.” Oh. I frown. “Pack your going-away clothes,” he orders. “You’ll need them. Taylor has your main suitcase.” “Okay.” What has he got planned? He hasn’t told me where we’re going. In fact, I don’t think anyone knows where we’re going. Neither Mia nor Kate has managed to inveigle the information out of him. I turn to where my mother and Kate are hovering nearby. “I’m not changing.” “What?” my mother says. “Christian doesn’t want me to.” I shrug as if this should explain everything. Her brow furrows briefly. “You didn’t promise to obey,” she reminds me tactfully. Kate tries to disguise her snort as a cough. I narrow my eyes at her. Neither she nor my mother have any idea of the fight Christian and I had about that. I don’t want to rehash that argument. Jeez, can my Fifty Shades sulk . . . and have nightmares. The memory is sobering. “I know, Mom, but he likes this dress, and I want to please him.” Her expression softens. Kate rolls her eyes and tactfully moves away to leave me alone with my mother.
“You look so lovely, darling.” Carla gently tugs at a loose tendril of my hair and strokes my chin. “I am so proud of you, honey. You’re going to make Christian a very happy man.” She pulls me into a hug. Oh Mom! “I can’t believe how grown-up you look right now. Beginning a new life . . . Just remember that men are from a different planet, and you’ll be fine.” I giggle. Christian is from a different universe, if only she knew. “Thanks, Mom.” Ray joins us, smiling sweetly at both Mom and me. “You made a beautiful baby girl, Carla,” he says, his eyes glowing with pride. He looks so dapper in his black tux and pale pink waistcoat. Tears prick the back of my eyes. Oh no . . . so far I have managed not to cry. “And you watched her and helped her grow up, Ray,” Carla’s voice is wistful. “And I loved every single minute. You make one hell of a bride, Annie,” Ray tucks the same loose strand of hair behind my ear. “Oh, Dad . . .” I stifle a sob, and he hugs me in his brief, awkward way. “You’ll make one hell of a wife, too,” he whispers, his voice hoarse. When he releases me, Christian is back at my side. Ray shakes his hand warmly. “Look after my girl, Christian.” “I fully intend to, Ray. Carla.” He nods at my stepdad and kisses my mom. The rest of the wedding guests have formed a long human arch for us to travel through, leading round to the front of the house. “Ready?” Christian says. “Yes.” Taking my hand, he leads me under their outstretched arms while our guests shout good luck and congratulations and shower us with rice. Waiting with smiles and hugs at the end of the arch are Grace and Carrick. In turn they hug and kiss us both. Grace is emotional again as we bid them hasty goodbyes. Taylor is waiting to whisk us away in the Audi SUV. As Christian holds the car door open for me, I turn and toss my bouquet of white and pink roses into the crowd of young women that has gathered. Mia triumphantly holds it aloft, grinning from ear to ear. As I slide into the SUV laughing at Mia’s audacious catch, Christian bends to gather the hem of my dress. Once I’m safely in, he bids the waiting crowd a farewell. Taylor holds the car door open for him. “Congratulations, sir.”
“Thank you, Taylor,” Christian replies as he seats himself beside me. As Taylor pulls away, the vehicle is showered with rice by our wedding guests. Christian grasps my hand and kisses my knuckles. “So far so good, Mrs. Grey?” “So far so wonderful, Mr. Grey. Where are we going?” “Sea-Tac,” he says simply and smiles a sphinxlike smile. Hmm . . . what is he planning? Taylor does not head for the departure terminal as I expect but through a security gate and directly on to the tarmac. What? And then I see her—Christian’s jet . . . Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. in large blue lettering across her fuselage. “Don’t tell me you’re misusing company property again!” “Oh, I hope so, Anastasia.” Christian grins. Taylor halts at the foot of the steps leading up to the plane and leaps out of the Audi to open Christian’s door. They have a brief discussion, then Christian opens my door—and rather than stepping back to give me room to climb out, he leans in and lifts me. Whoa! “What are you doing?” I squeak. “Carrying you over the threshold,” he says. “Oh.” Isn’t that supposed to be at home? He carries me effortlessly up the steps, and Taylor follows with my small suitcase. He leaves it on the threshold of the plane before returning to the Audi. Inside the cabin, I recognize Stephan, Christian’s pilot, in his uniform. “Welcome aboard, sir, Mrs. Grey.” He grins at us both. Christian puts me down and shakes Stephan’s hand. Beside Stephan stands a dark-haired woman in her what? Early thirties? She’s also in uniform. “Congratulations to you both,” Stephan continues. “Thank you, Stephan. Anastasia, you know Stephan. He’s our captain today, and this is First Officer Beighley.” She blushes as Christian introduces her and blinks rapidly. I want to roll my eyes. Another female completely captivated by my toohandsome-for-his-own-good husband. “Delighted to meet you,” gushes Beighley. I smile kindly at her. After all—he is mine.
“All preparations complete?” Christian asks them both as I glance around the cabin. The interior is all pale maple wood and pale cream leather. It’s lovely. Another young woman in uniform stands at the other end of the cabin—a very pretty brunette. Who the hell is that? “We have the all clear. Weather is good from here to Boston.” Boston? “Turbulence?” “Not before Boston. There’s a weather front over Shannon that might give us a rough ride.” Shannon? Ireland? “I see. Well, I hope to sleep through it all,” says Christian matter-offactly. Sleep? “We’ll get underway, sir,” Stephan says. “We’ll leave you in the capable care of Natalia, your flight attendant.” Christian glances in her direction and frowns, but turns to Stephan with a smile. “Excellent,” he says. Taking my hand, he leads me to one of the sumptuous leather seats. There must be about twelve of them in total. “Sit,” he says as he removes his jacket and undoes his fine sliver brocade vest. We sit in two single seats facing each other with a small, highly polished table between us. “Welcome aboard, sir, ma’am, and congratulations.” Natalia is at our side, offering us both a glass of pink champagne. “Thank you,” Christian says, and she smiles politely at us and retreats to the galley. “Here’s to a happy married life, Anastasia.” Christian raises his glass to mine, and we chink. The champagne is delicious. “Bollinger?” I ask. “The same.” “The first time I drank this it was out of teacups.” I grin at him. “I remember that day well. Your graduation.” “Where are we going?” I’m unable to contain my curiosity any longer. “Shannon,” Christian says, his eyes alight with excitement. He looks like a small boy. “In Ireland?” We’re going to Ireland!
“To refuel,” he adds, teasing. “Then?” I prompt. His grin broadens and he shakes his head. “Christian!” “London,” he says, gazing intently at me, trying to gauge my reaction. I gasp . Holy cow. I thought maybe we’d be going to New York or Aspen or maybe the Caribbean. I can hardly believe it. My lifetime ambition has been to visit England. I’m lit up from within, incandescent with happiness. “Then Paris,” he adds. What? “Then the South of France.” Whoa! “I know you’ve always dreamed of going to Europe,” he says softly. “I want to make your dreams come true, Anastasia.” “You are my dreams come true, Christian.” “Back at you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. Oh my . . . “Buckle up.” I grin and do as I’m told. As the plane taxis out on to the runway, we sip our champagne, grinning inanely at each other. I can’t believe it. At twenty-two years old, I’m finally leaving the United States and going to Europe—to London of all places Once we’re airborne, Natalia serves us yet more champagne and prepares our wedding feast. And what a feast it is—smoked salmon, followed by roast partridge with a green bean salad and dauphinoise potatoes, all cooked and served by the ever-efficient Natalia. “Dessert, Mr. Grey?” she asks. He shakes his head and runs his finger across his bottom lip as he looks questioningly at me, his expression dark and unreadable.
“No, thank you,” I murmur, unable to break eye contact with him. His lips curl up in a small, secret smile and Natalia retreats. “Good,” he murmurs. “I’d rather planned on having you for dessert.” Oh . . . here? “Come,” he says, rising from the table and offering me his hand. He leads me to the back of the cabin. “There’s a bathroom here.” He points to a small door then leads me on down a short corridor and through a door at the end. Jeez . . . a bedroom. The cabin is cream and maple wood and the small double bed is covered in gold and taupe cushions. It looks very comfortable. Christian turns and pulls me into his arms, gazing down at me. “I thought we’d spend our wedding night at thirty-five-thousand feet. It’s something I’ve never done before.” Holy cow . . . another first. I gape at him, my heart pounding. . .the mile high club. I’ve heard about this. “But first I have to get you out of this fabulous dress.” His eyes glow with love and something darker, something I love . . . something that calls to my inner goddess. He takes my breath away. “Turn around.” His voice is low, authoritative, and sexy as hell. How can he infuse so much promise into those two words? Willingly I comply and his hands move to my hair. Gently he pulls out each hairpin one at a time, his expert fingers making short work of the task. My hair falls in swathes over my shoulders, one lock at a time, covering my back and down to my breasts. I try to stand still and not squirm, but I’m aching for his touch. After our long, tiring but exciting day, I want him—all of him. “You have such beautiful hair, Ana.” His mouth is close to my ear and I feel his breath, though his lips don’t touch me. When my hair is free of pins, he runs his fingers through it, gently massaging my scalp . . . oh my . . . I close my eyes and savor the sensation. His fingers travel on down, and he tugs, tilting my head back to expose my throat. “You’re mine,” he breathes and his teeth tug my ear lobe. I groan. “Hush now,” he admonishes. He sweeps my hair over my shoulder and trails a finger across the top of my back from shoulder to shoulder following the lace edge of my dress. I shiver in anticipation. He plants a tender kiss on my back above the first button on my dress. “So beautiful,” he says as he deftly undoes the first button. “You have made me the happiest man alive today.” With infinite slowness, he unfastens each one, all the way down my back. “I love you so much.” Trailing kisses from the nape of my neck to the edge of my shoulder. Between each kiss he murmurs, “I. Want. You. So. Much. I. Want. To. Be. Inside. You. You. Are. Mine.” Each word is intoxicating. I close my eyes and tilt my head, giving him easier access to my neck, and I fall further under the spell that is Christian Grey, my husband.
“Mine,” he whispers once more. He peels my dress down my arms so that it pools at my feet in a cloud of ivory silk and lace. “Turn around,” he whispers, his voice suddenly hoarse. I do so and he gasps. I’m dressed in a tight, blush-pink satin corset with garter straps, matching lacy briefs, and white silk stockings. Christian’s eyes travel greedily down my body, but he says nothing. He just gazes at me, his eyes wide with want. “You like?” I whisper aware of the shy blush creeping across my cheeks. “More than like, baby. You look sensational. Here.” He holds out his hand and taking it, I step out from my dress. “Keep still,” he murmurs and without taking his darkening eyes off mine, he runs his middle finger over my breasts, following the line of my corset. My breath shallows and he repeats the journey over my breasts once more, his tantalizing finger sending tingles down my spine. He stops and twirls his index finger in the air, indicating that he wants me to turn around. For him, right now, I’d do anything. “Stop,” he says. I’m facing the bed, away from him. His arm encircles my waist, pulling me against him, and he nuzzles my neck. Gently he cups my breasts, toying with them, while his thumbs circle over my nipples so that they strain against the fabric of my corset. “Mine,” he whispers. “Yours,” I breathe. Leaving my breasts bereft he runs his hands down my stomach, over my belly, and down to my thighs, his thumbs skimming my sex. I stifle a moan. His fingers skate down each garter, and with his usual dexterity, he simultaneously unhooks each one from my stockings. His hands travel around to my behind. “Mine,” he breathes as his hands spread across my backside, the tips of his fingers brushing my sex. “Ah.” “Hush.” His hands travel down the backs of my thighs, and once more he unclips my garters. Leaning down, he pulls back the cover on the bed. “Sit down.” I do as I’m told in his thrall, and he kneels at my feet and gently tugs off each of my white bridal Jimmy Choos. He grasps the top of my left stocking and slowly peels it off, running his thumbs down my leg . . . Oh my. He repeats the process with my other stocking. “This is like unwrapping my Christmas presents.” He smiles up at me through his long dark lashes. “A present you’ve had already . . .”
He frowns in admonishment. “Oh no, baby. This time it’s really mine.” “Christian, I’ve been yours since I said yes.” I scoot forward, cupping his beloved face in my hands. “I’m yours. I will always be yours, husband of mine. Now, I think you’re wearing too many clothes.” I bend to kiss him, and suddenly he leans up, kisses my lips, and grasps my head with his hands, his fingers threading into my hair. “Ana,” he breathes. “My Ana.” His lips claim mine once more, his tongue invasively persuasive. “Clothes,” I whisper, our breath mingling as I push back his vest and he struggles out of it, releasing me for a moment. He pauses, gazing at me, eyes wide, eyes wanting. “Let me, please.” My voice is soft and cajoling. I want to undress my husband, my Fifty. He sits back on his heels, and leaning forward I grasp his tie—his sliver-gray tie, my favorite tie—and slowly undo it and pull it free. He raises his chin to let me tackle the top button of his white shirt; then once it’s undone, I move on to his cuffs. He’s wearing platinum cufflinks—engraved with an entwined A and C—my wedding present to him. When I’ve removed them, he takes the cufflinks from me and fists them in his hand. Then he kisses his fist and shoves them into his pants pocket. “Mr. Grey, so romantic.” “For you Mrs. Grey—hearts and flowers. Always.” I take his hand, and glancing up through my lashes, I kiss his plain platinum wedding ring. He groans and closes his eyes. “Ana,” he whispers and my name is a prayer. Reaching up to his second shirt button, and mirroring him from earlier, I plant a soft kiss on his chest as I undo each of them and whisper between each kiss, “You. Make. Me. So. Happy. I. Love. You.” He groans, and in one swift move he clasps me around the waist and lifts me on to the bed, following me down on to it. His lips find mine, his hands curling around my head, holding me, stilling me as our tongues glory in each other. Abruptly Christian kneels up, leaving me breathless and wanting more. “You are so beautiful . . . wife.” He runs his hands down my legs then grasps my left foot. “You have such lovely legs. I want to kiss every inch of them. Starting here.” He presses his lips against my big toe and then grazes the pad with his teeth. Everything south of my waistline convulses. His tongue glides up my instep and his teeth skim my heel and up to my ankle. He trails kisses up the inside of my calf; soft wet kisses. I wriggle beneath him. “Still, Mrs. Grey,” he warns, and suddenly he flips me on to my stomach and continues his leisurely journey with his mouth up the back of my legs, to my thighs, my behind, and then he stops. I groan.
“Please . . .” “I want you naked,” he murmurs and slowly unhooks my corset, one hook at a time. When it’s flat on the bed beneath me, he runs his tongue up the length of my spine. “Christian, please.” “What do you want, Mrs. Grey.” His words are soft and close to my ear. He’s almost lying on top of me . . . I can feel him hard against my behind. “You.” “And I you, my love, my life . . . ,” he whispers, and before I know it, he’s flipped me on to my back. He stands swiftly and in one efficient move dispenses with his pants and boxer briefs so that he’s gloriously naked and looming large and ready over me. The small cabin is eclipsed by his dazzling beauty and his want and need of me. He leans down and peels off my panties then gazes down at me. “Mine,” he mouths. “Please,” I beg and he grins . . . a salacious, wicked, tempting, allFifty grin. He crawls back onto the bed and trails kisses up my right leg this time . . . until he reaches the apex of my thighs. He pushes my legs wider apart. “Ah . . . wife of mine,” he murmurs and then his mouth is on me. I close my eyes and surrender to his oh-so-adroit tongue. My hands fist in his hair as my hips swing and sway, slave to his rhythm, then buck off the small bed. He grabs my hips to still me . . . but doesn’t stop the delicious torture. I’m close, so close. “Christian,” I moan. “Not yet,” he breathes and he moves up my body, his tongue dipping into my navel. “No!” Damn! I sense his smile against my belly as his journey continues north. “So impatient, Mrs. Grey. We have until we touch down on the Emerald Isle.” Reverentially he kisses my breasts and tugs my left nipple between his lips. Gazing up at me, his eyes are dark like a tropical storm as he teases me. Oh my . . . I’d forgotten. Europe. “Husband, I want you. Please.” He looms up over me, his body covering mine, resting his weight on his elbows. He runs his nose down mine, and I run my hands down his strong, supple back to his fine, fine backside. “Mrs. Grey . . . wife. We aim to please.” His lips brush. “I love you.” “I love you, too.”
“Eyes open. I want to see you.” “Christian . . . ah . . . ,” I cry, as he slowly sinks into me. “Ana, oh Ana,” he breathes and he starts to move. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Christian shouts, waking me from my very pleasant dream. He’s standing all wet and beautiful at the end of my sun lounger and glaring down at me. What? What have I done? Oh no . . . I’m lying on my back . . . Crap, crap, crap and he’s mad. Shit. He’s really mad. Chapter Two I blink up at him, suddenly very awake after my sleep, my erotic dream forgotten. “I was on my front. I must have turned over in my sleep.” I whisper weakly in my defense. His eyes blaze with fury. He reaches down, scoops up my bikini top from his sun lounger, and tosses it at me. “Put this on!” he hisses. “Christian, no one is looking.” “Trust me. They’re looking. I’m sure Taylor and the security crew are enjoying the show!” he snarls. Holy shit! Why do I keep forgetting about them? I grasp my breasts in panic, hiding them. Ever since Charlie Tango’s sabotaged demise we are constantly shadowed by damned security. “Yes,” Christian snarls. “And some sleazy fucking paparazzi could get a shot of you, too. Do you want to be all over the cover of Star magazine? Naked this time?” Shit! The paparazzi! Fuck! As I hurriedly scramble into my top, all fingers and thumbs, the color drains from my face. I shudder. The unpleasant memory of being besieged by the paparazzi outside SIP after our engagement was leaked comes unwelcome to mind—all part of the Christian Grey package. “L’addition!” Christian snaps at the passing waitress. “We’re going,” he says to me. “Now?” “Yes. Now.”
Oh shit, he’s not to be argued with. He pulls on his shorts, even though his trunks are dripping wet, then his gray T-shirt. The waitress is back in a moment with his credit card and the check. Reluctantly, I wriggle into my turquoise sundress and step into my flip-flops. Once the waitress has left, Christian snatches up his book and BlackBerry and masks his fury behind mirrored aviator glasses. He’s bristling with tension and anger. My heart sinks. Every other woman on the beach is topless—it’s not that big of a crime. In fact I look odd with my top on. I sigh inwardly, my spirits sinking. I thought Christian would see the funny side . . . sort of . . . maybe if I’d stayed on my front, but his sense of humor has evaporated. “Please don’t be mad at me,” I whisper, taking his book and BlackBerry from him and placing them in my backpack. “Too late for that,” he says quietly—too quietly. “Come.” Taking my hand, he signals up to Taylor and his two sidekicks, the French security officers Philippe and Gaston. Weirdly, they are identical twins. They have been patiently watching us and everyone else on the beach from the verandah. Why do I keep forgetting about them? How? Taylor is stony-faced behind his dark glasses. Shit, he’s mad at me, too. I’m still not used to seeing him so casually dressed in shorts and a black polo shirt. Christian leads me into the hotel, through the lobby, and out onto the street. He remains silent, brooding, and bad-tempered, and it’s all my fault. Taylor and his team shadow us. “Where are we going?” I ask tentatively, gazing up at him. “Back to the boat.” He doesn’t look at me. I have no idea of the time. I think it must be about five or six in the afternoon. When we reach the quayside, Christian leads me onto the dock where the motorboat and Jet Ski belonging to the Fair Lady are moored. As Christian unties the Jet Ski, I hand my backpack to Taylor. I glance nervously up at him, but like Christian, his expression gives nothing away. I flush, thinking about what he’s seen on the beach. “Here you go, Mrs. Grey.” Taylor passes me a life vest from the motorboat, and I dutifully put it on. Why am I the only one who has to wear a life jacket? Christian and Taylor exchange some kind of look. Jeez, is he angry with Taylor, too? Christian then checks the straps on my life jacket, cinching the middle one tightly. “You’ll do,” he mutters sullenly, still not turning to look at me. Shit. He climbs gracefully on to the Jet Ski and holds out his hand for me to join him. Grasping it tightly, I manage to throw my leg over the seat behind him without falling into the water, while Taylor and the twins clamber into the motorboat. Christian kicks the Jet Ski away from the quay, and it floats gently into the marina.
“Hold on,” he orders, and I put my arms around him. This is my favorite part of traveling by Jet Ski. I hug him closely, my nose nuzzling into his back, marveling that there was a time when he would not have tolerated me touching him this way. He smells good . . . of Christian and the sea. Forgive me, Christian, please? He stiffens. “Steady,” he says, his tone softer. I kiss his back and rest my cheek against him, looking back toward the quay where a few holidaymakers have gathered to watch the show. Christian turns the key and the motor roars to life. With one twist of the accelerator, the Jet Ski bucks forward and speeds across the cool dark water, through the marina and out to the center of the harbor toward the Fair Lady. I hold him tighter. I love this—it’s so exciting. Every muscle in Christian’s lean frame is evident as I cling to him. Taylor pulls alongside in the motorboat. Christian glances at him then accelerates again, and we shoot forward, whipping over the top of the water like an expertly tossed pebble. Taylor shakes his head in resigned exasperation and heads straight to the yacht, while Christian shoots past the Fair Lady and heads out toward the open sea. The sea spray is splashing us, the warm wind buffeting my face and flaying my ponytail crazily around me. This is so much fun. Maybe the thrill of this ride will dispel Christian’s bad mood. I can’t see his face, but I know he’s enjoying himself— carefree, acting his age for a change. He steers in a huge semicircle and I study the shoreline—the boats in the marina, the mosaic of yellow, white and sand-colored offices and apartments, and the craggy mountains behind. It looks so disorganized—not the regimented blocks that I am used to—but so picturesque. Christian glances over his shoulder at me, and there’s the ghost of a smile playing on his lips. “Again?” he shouts over the noise of the engine. I nod enthusiastically. His answering grin is dazzling, and he opens the throttle and speeds around the Fair Lady and on out to sea once more . . . and I think I’m forgiven. “You’ve caught the sun,” Christian says mildly as he undoes my life vest. I anxiously try to assess his mood. We are on deck aboard the yacht, and one of the stewards is standing quietly nearby, waiting for my life vest. Christian passes it to him. “Will that be all, sir?” the young man asks. I love his French accent. Christian glances at me, takes off his shades, and slips them into the collar of his T-shirt, letting them hang. “Would you like a drink?” he asks me. “Do I need one?” He cocks his head to one side. “Why would you say that?” His voice is soft. “You know why.”
He frowns as if weighing something up in his mind. Oh, what is he thinking? “Two gin and tonics, please. And some nuts and olives,” he says to the steward, who nods and quickly vanishes. “You think I’m going to punish you?” Christian’s voice is silky. “Do you want to?” “Yes.” “How?” “I’ll think of something. Maybe when you’ve had your drink.” And it’s a sensual threat. I swallow, and my inner goddess blinks up from her sun lounger where she’s trying to catch rays with a silver reflector fanned out at her neck. Christian’s frowns once more. “You want to be?” How does he know? “Depends,” I mutter, flushing. “On what?” He hides his smile. “If you want to hurt me or not.” His mouth presses into a hard line, humor forgotten. He leans forward and kisses my forehead. “Anastasia, you’re my wife, not my sub. I don’t ever want to hurt you. You should know that by now. Just . . . just don’t take your clothes off in public. I don’t want you naked all over the tabloids. You don’t want that, and I’m sure your mom and Ray don’t want that either.” Oh! Ray. Holy shit, he’d have a coronary. What was I thinking? I mentally castigate myself. The steward appears with our drinks and snacks and places them on the teak table. “Sit,” Christian commands. I do as he says and settle into a director’s chair. Christian takes a seat beside me and passes me a gin and tonic. “Cheers, Mrs. Grey.” “Cheers, Mr. Grey.” I take a welcome sip. It’s thirst-quenching, cold, and delicious. When I gaze at him, he’s watching me carefully, his mood unreadable. It’s very frustrating . . . I don’t know if he’s still mad at me. I deploy my patented distraction technique.
“Who owns this boat?” I ask. “A British knight. Sir Somebody-or-Other. His great-grandfather started a grocery store. His daughter’s married to one of the Crown Princes of Europe.” Oh. “Super-rich?” Christian looks suddenly wary. “Yes.” “Like you,” I murmur. “Yes.” Oh. “And like you,” Christian whispers and pops an olive into his mouth. I blink rapidly . . . a vision of him in his tux and silver waistcoat comes to mind . . . his eyes burning with sincerity as he gazes down at me during our wedding ceremony. “All that is mine is now yours,” he says, his voice ringing out clearly reciting his vows from memory. All mine? Holy cow. “It’s odd. Going from nothing to”—I wave my hand to indicate our opulent surroundings—“to everything.” “You’ll get used to it.” “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to it.” Taylor appears on deck. “Sir, you have a call.” Christian frowns but takes the proffered Blackberry. “Grey,” he snaps and rises from his seat to stand at the bow of the yacht. I gaze out at the sea, tuning out his conversation with Ros—I think—his number two. I am rich . . . stinking rich. I have done nothing to earn this money . . . just married a rich man. I shudder as my mind drifts back to our conversation about prenups. It was Sunday after his birthday and we were seated at the kitchen table enjoying a leisurely breakfast . . . all of us, Elliot, Kate, Grace, and I were debating the merits of bacon versus sausage, while Carrick and Christian read the Sunday paper . . . ~o0o~ “Look at this,” squeals Mia as she sets her netbook on the table before us on the kitchen table. “There’s a gossipy item on the Seattle Nooz website about you being engaged, Christian.” “Already?” Grace says in surprise. Then her mouth purses as some obviously unpleasant thought crosses her mind. Christian frowns. Mia reads the column out loud. “Word has reached us here at The Nooz that
Seattle’s most eligible bachelor, the Christian Grey, has finally been snapped up and wedding bells are in the air. But who is the lucky, lucky lady? The Nooz is on the hunt. Bet she’s reading one helluva prenup.” Mia giggles then stops abruptly as Christian glares at her. Silence descends, and the atmosphere in the Grey kitchen plunges to below zero. Oh no! A prenup? The thought has never crossed my mind. I swallow, feeling all the blood drain from my face. Please ground, swallow me up now! Christian shifts uncomfortably in his chair as I glance apprehensively at him. “No,” he mouths at me. “Christian,” Carrick says gently. “I’m not discussing this again,” Christian snaps at Carrick who glances at me nervously and opens his mouth to say something. “No prenup!” Christian almost shouts at him and broodingly goes back to reading his paper, ignoring everyone else at the table. They look alternately at me then him . . . then anywhere but at the two of us. “Christian,” I murmur. “I’ll sign anything you and Mr. Grey want.” Jeez, it wouldn’t be the first time he’s made me sign something. Christian looks up and glares at me. “No!” he snaps. I blanch once more. “It’s to protect you.” “Christian, Ana—I think you should discuss this in private,” Grace admonishes us. She glares at Carrick and Mia. Oh dear, looks like they’re in trouble, too. “Ana, this is not about you,” Carrick murmurs reassuringly. “And please call me Carrick.” Christian narrows cold eyes at his father and my heart sinks. Hell . . . He’s really mad. Everyone erupts into animated conversation, and Mia and Kate leap up to clear the table. “I definitely prefer sausage,” exclaims Elliot. I stare down at my knotted fingers. Crap. I hope Mr. and Mrs. Grey don’t think I’m some kind of gold digger. Christian reaches over and grasps both my hands gently in one of his. “Stop it.” How does he know what I’m thinking? “Ignore my dad,” Christian says so only I can hear him. “He’s really pissed about Elena. That stuff was all aimed at me. I wish my mom had kept her mouth shut.”
I know Christian is still smarting from his “talk” with Carrick about Elena last night. “He has a point, Christian. You’re very wealthy, and I’m bringing nothing to our marriage but my student loans.” Christian gazes at me, his eyes bleak. “Anastasia, if you leave me, you might as well take everything. You left me once before. I know how that feels.” Holy Fuck! “That was different,” I whisper, moved by his intensity. “But . . . you might want to leave me.” The thought makes me sick. He snorts and shakes his head with mock disgust. “Christian, you know, I might do something exceptionally stupid— and you . . .” I glance down at my knotted hands, pain lancing through me unable to finish my sentence. Losing Christian . . . fuck. “Stop. Stop now. This subject is closed, Ana. We’re not discussing it any more. No prenup. Not now—not ever.” He gives me a pointed give-it-up-now look, which silences me. Then he turns to Grace. “Mom,” he says. “Can we have the wedding here?” ~o0o~ And he’s not mentioned it again. In fact at every opportunity he’s tried to reassure me about his wealth . . . that’s it mine, too. I shudder as I recall the crazy shopping fest Christian demanded I go on with Caroline Acton—the personal shopper from Niemans—in preparation for this honeymoon. My bikini alone cost five hundred and forty dollars. I mean, it’s nice, but really—that’s a ridiculous amount of money for four triangular scraps of material. “You will get used to it,” Christian interrupts my reverie as he resumes his place at the table. “Used to it?” “The money,” he says rolling his eyes. Oh, Fifty, maybe with time. I push the small dish of salted almonds and cashews toward him. “Your nuts, sir,” I say with as straight a face as I can manage, trying to bring some humor to our conversation after my dark thoughts and my bikini top faux pas. He smirks. “I’m nuts about you.” He takes an almond, his eyes sparkling with wicked humor as he enjoys my little joke. He licks his lips. “Drink up. We’re going to bed.”
What? “Drink,” he mouths at me, his eyes darkening. Oh my, the look he gives me could be solely responsible for global warming. I pick up my gin and drain the glass, not taking my eyes off him. His mouth drops open, and I glimpse the tip of his tongue between his teeth. He smiles lewdly at me. In one fluid move, he gets up and bends over me, resting his hands on the arms of my chair. “I’m going to make an example of you. Come. Don’t pee,” he whispers in my ear. I gasp. Don’t pee? How rude. My subconscious looks up from her book— The Complete works of Charles Dickens, Vol. 1—with alarm. “It’s not what you think.” Christian smirks, holding his hand out to me. “Trust me.” He looks so sexy and genial. How can I resist? “Okay.” I place my hand in his, because quite simply, I’d trust him with my life. What has he got planned? My heart starts pounding in anticipation. He leads me across the deck and through the doors into the plush, beautifully appointed main salon, along a narrow corridor, through the dining room, and down the stairs to the main master cabin. The cabin has been cleaned since this morning and the bed made. It’s a lovely room. With two portholes on both the starboard and port sides, it’s elegantly decorated in dark walnut furniture with cream walls and soft furnishings in gold and red. Christian releases my hand, pulls his T-shirt off over his head, and tosses it onto a chair. He steps out of his flip-flops and removes his shorts and trunks in one graceful move . Oh my. Will I ever tire of looking at him naked? He is utterly gorgeous, and all mine. His skin glows—he’s caught the sun, too, and his hair is longer, flopping over his forehead. I am one lucky, lucky girl. He reaches forward and grasps my chin, pulling slightly so that I stop biting my lip and runs his thumb along my lower lip. “That’s better.” He turns and strides over to the impressive armoire that houses his clothes. He produces two pairs of metal handcuffs and an airline eye mask from the bottom drawer. Handcuffs! We’ve never used handcuffs. I glance quickly and nervously at the bed. Where the hell is he going to attach those? He turns and gazes steadily at me, his eyes dark and luminous. “These can be quite painful. They can bite into the skin if you pull too hard.” He holds up one pair. “But I really want to use them on you now.” Holy fuck. My mouth goes dry. “Here.” He stalks gracefully forward and hands me a set. “Do you want to try them first?”
They feel solid, the metal cold. Vaguely, I hope I never have to wear a pair of these for real. Christian is watching me intently. “Where are the keys?” My voice wavering. He holds out his palm, revealing a small metallic key. “This does both sets. In fact, all sets.” How many sets does he have? I don’t remember seeing any in the museum chest. Reaching up, he strokes my cheek with his index finger, trailing it down to my mouth. He leans in as if to kiss me. “Do you want to play?” he says, his voice low, and everything in my body heads south as desire unfurls deep in my belly. “Yes,” I breathe. He smiles. “Good.” He plants a featherlight kiss on my forehead. “We’re going to need a safe word.” What? “Stop won’t be enough because you will probably say that, but you won’t mean it.” He runs his nose down mine—the only contact between us. What does he mean? My heart starts pounding. Shit . . . How can he do this with just words? “This is not going to hurt. It will be intense. Very intense, because I am not going to let you move. Okay?” Oh my. This sounds so hot. My breathing is too loud. Fuck, I am panting already. My inner goddess has her sequins on and is warming up to dance the rumba. Thank heavens I’m married to this man, otherwise this would be embarrassing. My eyes flick down to his arousal. “Okay.” My voice is barely audible. “Choose a word, Ana.” Oh . . . “A safe word,” he says softly. “Popsicle.” I say, panting. “Popsicle?” he says, amused. “Yes.”
He grins as he leans back to gaze down at me. “Interesting choice. Lift up your arms.” I do as I’m told, and Christian grasps the hem of my sundress, lifts it over my head, and tosses it on the floor. He holds out his hand, and I give him back the handcuffs. He places both sets on the bedside table along with the blindfold and yanks the quilt off the bed, letting it fall to the floor. “Turn round.” I turn, and he undoes my bikini top so that it falls to the floor. “Tomorrow, I will staple this to you,” he mutters and tugs on my hair tie, freeing my hair. He gathers it into one hand and yanks gently so I step back against him. Against his chest. Against his erection. I gasp as he pulls my head to one side and kisses my neck. “You were very disobedient,” he murmurs in my ear, sending delicious shivers through me. “Yes,” I whisper. “Hmm. What are we going to do about that?” “Learn to live with it,” I breathe. His soft languid kisses are driving me wild. He grins against my neck. “Ah, Mrs. Grey. You are ever the optimist.” He straightens. Taking my hair, he carefully parts it into three strands, braids it slowly, and then fastens my hair tie to the end. He tugs my braid gently and leans down to my ear. “I am going to teach you a lesson,” he murmurs. Moving suddenly, he grabs me by the waist, sits down on the bed, and yanks me across his knee so that I feel his erection pressed against my belly. He smacks my backside once, hard. I yelp, then I’m on my back on the bed and he’s gazing down at me, his eyes molten gray. I’m going to combust. “Do you know how beautiful you are?” He trails his fingertips up my thigh so that I tingle . . . everywhere. Without taking his eyes off me, he gets up from the bed and gathers both sets of handcuffs. He grasps my left leg and snaps one cuff around my ankle. Oh! Lifting my right leg, he repeats the process so I have a pair of handcuffs attached to each ankle. I still have no idea where he’s going to attach them. “Sit up,” he orders and I comply immediately. “Now hug your knees.” I blink at him then draw my legs up so they are bent in front of me and wrap my arms around them. He reaches down, lifts my chin, and plants a soft wet kiss on my lips before slipping the blindfold over my
eyes. I can see nothing, all I can hear is my rapid breathing and the sound of the water lapping against the sides of the yacht as she bobs gently on the sea. Oh my. I am so aroused . . . already. “What’s the safe word, Anastasia?” “Popsicle.” “Good.” Taking my left hand, he snaps a cuff around my wrist then repeats the process with my right. My left hand is tied to my left ankle, my right hand to the right leg. I cannot straighten my legs. Holy fuck. “Now,” Christian breathes, “I’m going to fuck you till you scream.” What? And all the air leaves my body. He grasps both of my heels and tips me back so that I fall backward on to the bed. I have no choice but to keep my legs bent. The cuffs tighten as I pull against them. He’s right . . . they cut into me almost to the point of pain . . . This feels weird—being trussed up and helpless— on a boat. He pulls my ankles apart, and I groan. He kisses my inner thigh, and I want to squirm beneath him, but I can’t. I have no purchase to move my hips. My feet are suspended. I cannot move. Holy shit. “You’re going to have to absorb all the pleasure, Anastasia. No moving,” he murmurs as he crawls up my body, kissing me along the edge of my bikini bottoms. He pulls the strings on each side, and the scraps of material fall away. I am now naked and at his mercy. He kisses my belly, nipping my navel with his teeth. “Ah,” I sigh. This is going to be tough . . . I had no idea. He traces soft kisses and little bites up to my breasts. “Shhh . . . ,” he soothes. “You are so beautiful, Ana.” I groan, frustrated. Normally I’d be grinding my hips, responding to his touch with a rhythm of my own, but I cannot move. I moan, pulling on my restraints. The metal bites into my skin. “Argh!” I cry. But I really don’t care. “You drive me crazy,” he whispers. “So I am going to drive you crazy.” He’s resting on me now, his weight on his elbows, and he turns his attention to my breasts. Biting, sucking, rolling my nipples between his fingers and thumbs, driving me wild. He doesn’t stop. It’s maddening. Oh. Please. His erection pushes against me. “Christian,” I beg.
I feel his triumphant smile against my skin. “Shall I make you come this way?” He murmurs against my nipple, causing it to harden some more. “You know I can.” He suckles me hard and I cry out, pleasure lancing from my chest directly to my groin. I pull helplessly on the cuffs, swamped by the sensation. “Yes,” I whimper. “Oh baby, that would be too easy.” “Oh . . . please.” “Shh.” His teeth scrape my chin as he trails his lips to my mouth, and I gasp. He kisses me. His skilled tongue invades my mouth, tasting, exploring, dominating, but my tongue meets his challenge, writhing against his. He tastes of cool gin and Christian Grey, and he smells of the sea. He grasps my chin, holding my head in place. “Still, baby. I want you still,” he whispers against my mouth. “I want to see you.” “Oh no, Ana. You’ll feel more this way.” And agonizingly slowly he flexes his hips and pushes partway into me. I would normally tilt my pelvis up to meet him but I can’t move. He withdraws. “Ah! Christian, please!” “Again?” he teases, his voice hoarse. “Christian!” He pushes fractionally into me again then withdraws while kissing me, his fingers tugging at my nipple. It’s pleasure overload. “No!” “Do you want me, Anastasia?” “Yes,” I beg. “Tell me,” he murmurs, his breathing harsh, and he teases me once more—in . . . and out. “I want you,” I whimper. “Please.” I hear his soft sigh against my ear. “And have me you will, Anastasia.”
He rears up and slams into me. I scream, tilting my head back, pulling on the restraints as he hits my sweet spot, and I am all sensation, everywhere—a sweet, sweet agony, and I cannot move. He stills then circles his hips, and the motion radiates deep inside me. “Why do you defy me, Ana?” “Christian, stop . . .” He circles deep inside me again, ignoring my plea, easing out slowly and then slamming into me again. “Tell me. Why?” he hisses, and I’m vaguely aware that it’s through gritted teeth. I cry out in an incoherent wail . . . this is too much. “Tell me.” “Christian . . .” “Ana, I need to know.” He slams into me again, thrusting so deep, and I’m building . . . the feeling is so intense—it swamps me, spiraling out from deep within my belly, to each limb, to each biting metal restraint. “I don’t know!” I cry out. “Because I can! Because I love you! Please, Christian.” He groans loudly and thrusts deep, again and again, over and over, and I am lost, trying to absorb the pleasure. It’s mind blowing . . . body blowing . . . I long to straighten my legs, to control my imminent orgasm, but I can’t . . . I’m helpless. I’m his, just his, to do with as he wills . . . Tears spring to my eyes. This is too intense. I can’t stop him. I don’t want to stop him . . . I want . . . I want . . . oh no, oh no . . . this is too . . . “That’s it,” Christian growls. “Feel it, baby!” I detonate around him, again and again, round and round, screaming loudly as my orgasm rips me apart, scorching through me like a wildfire, consuming everything. I am wrung ragged, tears streaming down my face—my body left pulsing and shaking. And I’m aware that Christian kneels, still inside me, pulling me upright onto his lap. He clutches my head with one hand and my back with another, and he comes violently inside me while my insides continue to tremble with aftershocks. It’s draining, it’s exhausting, it’s hell . . . it’s heaven. It’s hedonism gone wild. Christian tears off the blindfold and kisses me. He kisses my eyes, my nose, my cheeks. He kisses away the tears, clutching my face in between his hands.
“I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he breathes. “Even though you make me so mad—I feel so alive with you.” I don’t have the energy to open either my eyes or my mouth to respond. Very gently, he lays me back on the bed and eases out of me. I mouth some wordless protest. He climbs off the bed and undoes the handcuffs. When I’m free, he gently rubs my wrists and ankles, then lies down beside me again, pulling me into his arms. I stretch out my legs. Oh my, that feels good. I feel good. That was, without doubt, the most intense climax I have ever endured. Hmm . . . a Christian Grey fifty shades punishment fuck. I really must misbehave more often. A pressing need from my bladder wakes me. When I open my eyes, I’m disorientated. It’s dark outside. Where am I? London? Paris? Oh—the boat. I feel her pitch and roll, and hear the quiet hum of the engines. We’re on the move. How odd. Christian is beside me, working on his laptop, casually dressed in a white linen shirt and chino trousers, his feet bare. His hair is still wet, I presume from a shower. I can smell his body wash and his Christian smell . . . Hmm. “Hi,” he murmurs, gazing down at me, his eyes warm. “Hi.” I smile, feeling suddenly shy. “How long have I been asleep?” “Just an hour or so.” “We’re moving?” “I figured since we ate out last night and went to the ballet and the Casino that we’d dine on board tonight. A quiet night à deux.” I grin at him. “Where are we going?” “Cannes.” “Okay.” I stretch, feeling stiff. No amount of training with Claude could have prepared me for this afternoon. I rise gingerly, needing the bathroom. Grabbing my silk robe, I hastily put it on. Why am I so shy? I feel Christian’s eyes on me. When I glance at him, he returns to his laptop, his brow furrowed. Why’s he frowning? As I absentmindedly wash my hands at the vanity unit, recalling last night at the Casino, my robe falls open. I stare at myself in the mirror, shocked. Holy fuck! What has he done to me?
Chapter Three I gaze in horror at the red marks all over my breasts. Hickeys! I have hickeys! I am married to one of the most respected businessmen in the United States, and he’s given me goddamn hickeys. How did I not feel him doing this to me? I flush. The fact is I know exactly why—Mr. Orgasmic was using his fine-motor sexing skills on me. My subconscious peers over her half-moon specs and tuts disapprovingly, while my inner goddess slumbers on her chaise longue, out for the count. I gape at my reflection. My wrists have a red welt around them from the handcuffs. No doubt they’ll bruise. I examine my ankles—more welts. Holy hell, I look like I’ve been in some sort of accident. I gaze at myself, trying to absorb how I look. My body is so different these days. It’s changed subtly since I’ve known him . . . I’ve become leaner and fitter, and my hair is glossy and well cut. My nails are manicured, my feet pedicured, my eyebrows threaded and beautifully shaped. For the first time in my life, I’m well groomed— except for these hideous love bites. I don’t want to think about grooming at the moment. I’m too mad. How dare he mark me like this, like some teenager. In the short time we’ve been together, he’s never given me hickeys. I look like hell. I know why he’s done this. Damn control freak. Right! My subconscious folds her arms beneath her small bosom—he’s gone too far this time. I stalk out of the en suite bathroom and into the walk-in closet, carefully avoiding even a glance in his direction. Slipping out of my robe, I pull on my sweatpants and a camisole. I undo the braid, pick up a hairbrush from the small vanity unit, and brush out my tangles. “Anastasia,” Christian calls and I hear his anxiety. “Are you okay?” I ignore him. Am I okay? No, I am not okay. After what he’s done to me, I doubt I’ll be able to wear a swimsuit, let alone one of my ridiculously expensive bikinis, for the rest of our honeymoon. The thought is suddenly so infuriating. How dare he? I’ll give him are you okay. I seethe as fury spikes through me. I can behave like an adolescent, too! Stepping back into the bedroom, I hurl the hairbrush at him, turn, and leave—though not before I see his shocked expression and his lightning reaction as he raises his arm to protect his head so that the brush bounces ineffectively off his forearm and onto the bed. I storm out of our cabin and run upstairs and out on deck, stomping toward the bow. I need some space to calm down. It’s dark and the air is balmy. The warm breeze carries the smell of the Mediterranean and the scent of jasmine and
bougainvillea from the shore. The Fair Lady glides effortlessly through the calm cobalt sea as I rest my elbows on the wooden railing, gazing at the distant shore where tiny lights wink and twinkle. I take a deep, healing breath and slowly begin to calm. I’m aware of him behind me before I hear him. “You’re mad at me,” he whispers. “No shit, Sherlock!” “How mad?” “Scale of one to ten, I think I’m at fifty. Apt, huh?” “That mad.” He sounds surprised and impressed at once. “Yes. Pushed to violence mad,” I say through gritted teeth. He stays silent as I turn and scowl at him, watching me with wide and wary eyes. I know from that expression and that he’s made no move to touch me that he’s out of his depth. “Christian, you have to stop unilaterally trying to bring me to heel. You made your point on the beach. Very effectively, as I recall.” He shrugs minutely. “Well, you won’t take your top off again,” he murmurs petulantly. What? And this justifies what he’s done to me? I glare at him. “I don’t like you leaving marks on me. Well, not this many, anyway. It’s a hard limit!” I hiss at him. “I don’t like you taking your clothes off in public. That’s a hard limit for me,” he growls. “I think we’ve established that,” I hiss through my teeth. “Look at me!” I pull down my camisole to reveal the top of my breasts. Christian gazes at me, his eyes not leaving my face his expression wary and uncertain. He’s not used to seeing me this mad. Can’t he see what he’s done? Can’t he see how ridiculous he is? I want to shout at him, but I refrain—I don’t want to push him too far. Heaven knows what he’d do. Eventually, he blinks and holds his palms up in a resigned, conciliatory gesture. “Okay,” he says his voice placating. “I get it.” Hallelujah! “Good!” He runs his hand through his hair. “I’m sorry. Please don’t be mad at me.” Finally, he looks contrite— using my own words back at me.
“You are such an adolescent sometimes,” I scold him, mulishly, but the fight has gone out of my voice, and he knows it. He steps closer and tentatively raises his hand to tuck my hair behind my ear. “I know,” he acknowledges softly. “I have a lot to learn.” Dr. Flynn’s words come back to me . . . Emotionally, Christian is an adolescent, Ana. He bypassed that phase in his life totally. He’s channeled all his energies into succeeding in the business world, and he has beyond all expectations. His emotional world has to play catch- up. My heart thaws a little. “We both do.” I sigh and cautiously raise my hand, placing it over his heart. He doesn’t flinch like he used to, but he stiffens. He rests his hand over mine and smiles his shy smile. “I’ve just learned that you’ve a good arm and a good aim, Mrs. Grey. I would never have figured that, but then I constantly underestimate you. You always surprise me.” I arch my eyebrow at him. “Target practice with Ray. I can throw and shoot straight, Mr. Grey, and you’d do well to remember that.” “I will endeavor to do that, Mrs. Grey, or ensure that all potential projectile objects are nailed down and that you don’t have access to a gun.” He smirks at me. I smirk back, narrowing my eyes. “I’m resourceful.” “That you are,” he whispers and releases my hand to circle his arms around me. Pulling me into an embrace, he buries his nose in my hair. I wrap my arms around him, holding him close, and feel the tension leave his body as he nuzzles me. “Am I forgiven?” “Am I?” I feel his smile. “Yes,” he answers. “Ditto.” We stand holding each other, my pique forgotten. He does smell good, adolescent or not. How can I resist him? “Hungry?” he says after a while. I have my eyes closed and my head against his chest.
“Yes. Famished. All the . . . er . . . activity has given me an appetite. But I’m not dressed for dinner.” I’m sure my sweatpants and camisole would be frowned upon in the dining room. “You look good to me, Anastasia. Besides, it’s our boat for the week; we can dress how we like. Think of it as dress down Tuesday on the Cote D’Azur. Anyway, I thought we’d eat on deck.” “Yes, I’d like that.” He leans down and kisses me—an earnest forgive-me kiss—then we wander hand in hand toward the bow where our gazpacho soup awaits. The steward serves our crème brulée and discreetly retires. “Why do you always braid my hair?” I ask Christian out of curiosity. We’re sitting adjacent to each other at the table, my lower leg curled around his. He pauses as he’s about to pick up his dessertspoon and frowns. “I don’t want your hair catching in anything,” he says quietly, and for a moment he’s lost in thought. “Habit, I think,” he muses. Suddenly he frowns and his eyes widen, his pupils dilating with alarm. Holy shit! What’s he remembered? It’s something painful, some early childhood memory, I guess. I don’t want to remind him of that. Leaning over, I put my index finger over his lips. “No, it doesn’t matter. I don’t need to know. I was just curious.” I give him a warm, reassuring smile. His look is wary, but after a moment he visibly relaxes, his relief evident. I lean over to kiss the corner of his mouth. “I love you,” I murmur, and he smiles his heart-achingly shy smile, and I melt. “I will always love you, Christian.” “And I you,” he says softly. “In spite of my disobedience?” I raise my eyebrow. “Because of your disobedience, Anastasia.” He grins at me. I crack my spoon through the burnt sugar crust of my dessert and shake my head. Will I ever understand this man? Hmm—this crème brulée is delicious. Once the steward has cleared our dessert plates, Christian reaches for the bottle of rosé and refills my glass. I check that we’re alone and ask, “What’s with the no going to the bathroom thing?”
“You really want to know?” He half smiles, his eyes alight with a salacious gleam. “Do I?” I gaze at him through my lashes as I take a sip of my wine. “The fuller your bladder, the more intense your orgasm, Ana.” I flush. “Oh. I see.” Holy cow, that explains a lot. He grins at me, looking far too knowing. Will I always be on the back foot with Mr. Sexpertise? “Yes. Well . . .” I desperately hunt around for a change of subject. He takes pity on me. “What do you want to do for the rest of the evening?” He cocks his head to one side and gives me his lopsided grin. Whatever you want, Christian. Put your theory to the test again? I shrug. “I know what I want to do,” he murmurs. Grabbing his glass of wine, he rises and holds his hand out to me. “Come.” I take his hand and he leads me into the main salon. His iPod is in the speaker dock on the bureau. He switches it on and selects a song. “Dance with me.” He pulls me into his arms. “If you insist.” “I insist, Mrs. Grey.” A slinky, cheesy melody starts. Is this a Latin rhythm? Christian grins down at me and starts to move, sweeping me off my feet and taking me with him round the salon. A man with a voice like warm melted caramel croons. It’s a song I know but can’t place. Christian dips me low, and I yelp in surprise and giggle. He smiles down at me, his eyes filled with humor. Then he scoops me up and spins me under his arm. “You dance so well,” I say. “It’s like I can dance.” He gives me a sphinxlike smile but says nothing, and I wonder if it’s because he’s thinking of her . . . Mrs. Robinson, the woman who taught him how to dance—and how to fuck. She hasn’t crossed my mind for a while. Christian has not mentioned her since his birthday, and as far as I’m aware, their business relationship is over. Reluctantly though, I have to admit—she was some teacher.
He dips me low again and plants a swift kiss on my lips. “I’d miss your love,” I murmur, echoing the lyrics. “I’d more than miss your love,” he says and spins me once more. Then he sings the words softly in my ear making me swoon. The track ends and Christian gazes down at me, his eyes dark and luminous, all humor gone, and I’m suddenly breathless. “Come to bed with me?” he whispers and it’s a heartfelt plea that tugs at my heart. Christian, you had me at I do —two and half weeks ago. But I know this is his way of apologizing and making sure all is well between us after our spat. When I wake, the sun is shining through the portholes and the water reflects shimmering patterns onto the cabin ceiling. Christian is nowhere to be seen. I stretch out and smile. Hmm . . . I’ll take a punishment fuck followed by makeup sex any day. I marvel what it is to go to bed with two different men—angry Christian and sweet let-memake-it-up-to-you-in-any-way-I-can Christian. It’s tricky to decide which of them I like the best. I rise and head for the bathroom. Opening the door, I find Christian inside shaving, naked except for a towel wrapped around his waist. He turns and beams at me, not fazed that I am interrupting him. I have discovered that Christian will never lock the door if he is the only person in the room—the reason why is sobering, and not one I want to dwell on. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he says, radiating his good mood. “Good morning yourself.” I grin back as I watch him shave. I love watching him shave. He pulls up his chin and shaves beneath it, taking long deliberate strokes, and I find myself unconsciously mirroring his actions. Pulling my upper lip down just as he does, to shave his philtrum. He turns and smirks at me, one half of his face still covered in shaving soap. “Enjoying the show?” he asks. Oh, Christian, I could watch you for hours. “One of my all-time favorites,” I murmur, and he leans down and kisses me quickly, smearing shaving soap on my face. “Shall I do this to you again?” he whispers wickedly and holds up the razor. I purse my lips at him. “No,” I mutter, pretending to sulk. “I’ll wax next time.” I remember Christian’s joy in London when he’d discovered that during his one meeting there, I’d shaved off my pubic hair out of curiosity. Of course I hadn’t done it to Mr. Exacting’s high standards . . .
~o0o~ “What the hell have you done?” Christian exclaims. He cannot keep his horrified amusement to himself. He sits up in bed in our suite at Browns Hotel near Piccadilly, switches on the bedside light and gazes down at me, his mouth a startled O. It must be midnight. I blush the color of the sheets in the playroom and try to pull down my satin nightdress so he can’t see. He grabs my hand to stop me. “Ana!” “I—err . . . shaved.” “I can see that. Why?” He’s grinning from ear to ear. I cover my face with my hands. Why am I so embarrassed? “Hey,” he says softly and pulls my hand away. “Don’t hide.” He’s biting his lip so that he won’t laugh. “Tell me. Why?” His eyes dance with merriment. Why does he find this so funny? “Stop laughing at me.” “I’m not laughing at you. I’m sorry. I’m . . . delighted,” he says. “Oh . . .” “Tell me. Why?” I take a deep breath. “This morning, after you left for your meeting, I took a shower and was remembering all your rules.” He blinks. The humor in his expression has vanished, and he regards me cautiously. “And I was ticking them off one by one and how I felt about them, and I remembered the beauty salon, and I thought . . . this is what you’d like. I wasn’t brave enough to get a wax.” My voice disappears into a whisper. He stares at me, his eyes glowing—this time not with mirth at my folly, but with love. “Oh Ana,” he breathes. He leans down and kisses me tenderly. “You beguile me,” he whispers against my lips and kisses me once more, clasping my face in both his hands. After a breathless moment, he pulls back and leans up on one elbow. The humor is back.
“I think I should do a thorough inspection of your handiwork, Mrs. Grey.” “What? No.” He has to be kidding! I cover myself, protecting my recently deforested area. “Oh no you don’t, Anastasia.” He grasps my hands and pries them away, moving nimbly so he’s between my legs, pinning my hands to my sides. He gives me a burning look that could light dry tinder, but before I combust, he bends and skims his lips down my naked belly directly to my sex. I squirm beneath him, reluctantly resigned to my fate. “Well, what have we here?” Christian plants a kiss where, until this morning, I had pubic hair—then scrapes his bristly chin across me. “Ah!” I exclaim. Wow . . . that’s sensitive. Christian’s eyes dart to mine, full of salacious longing. “I think you missed a bit,” he mutters and tugs gently, right underneath. “Oh . . . Damn,” I mutter, hoping this will put an end to his frankly intrusive scrutiny. “I have an idea.” He leaps naked out of bed and heads to the bathroom. What on earth is he doing? He returns moments later, carrying a glass of water, a mug, my razor, his shaving brush, soap, and a towel. He puts the water, brush, soap, and razor on the bedside table and gazes down at me, holding the towel. Oh no! My subconscious slams down her Complete Works of Charles Dickens, leaps up from her armchair, and puts her hands on her hips. “No. No. No,” I squeak. “Mrs. Grey, if a job’s worth doing, it’s worth doing well. Lift your hips.” His eyes glow, summer storm gray. “Christian! You are not shaving me.” He tilts his head to one side. “Why ever not?” I flush . . . isn’t it obvious? “Because . . . It’s just too . . .” “Intimate?” he whispers. “Ana, I crave intimacy with you—you know that. Besides, after some of the things we’ve done, don’t get all squeamish on me now. And, I know this part of your body better than you do.”
I gape at him. Of all the arrogant . . . true, he does—but still. “It’s just wrong!” My voice is prissy and whiney. “This isn’t wrong—this is hot.” Hot? Really? “This turns you on?” I can’t keep the astonishment out of my voice. He snorts. “Can’t you tell?” He glances down at his arousal. “I want to shave you,” he whispers Oh, what the hell. I lie back, throwing my arm over my face so I don’t have to watch. “If it makes you happy, Christian, go ahead. You are so kinky,” I mutter, as I lift my hips, and he slips the towel beneath me. He kisses my inner thigh. “Oh baby, how right you are.” I hear the slosh of water as he dips the shaving brush in the glass of water, then the soft swirl of the brush in the mug. He grasps my left ankle and parts my legs, and the bed dips as he sits between my legs. “I’d really like to tie you up right now,” he murmurs. “I promise to keep still.” “Good.” I gasp as he runs the lathered brush over my pubic bone. It’s warm. The water in the glass must be hot. I squirm a little. It tickles . . . but in a good way. “Don’t move,” Christian admonishes and applies the brush again. “Or I will tie you down,” he adds darkly, and a delicious shiver runs down my spine. “Have you done this before?” I ask tentatively when he reaches for the razor. “No.” “Oh. Good.” I grin. “Another first, Mrs. Grey.” “Hmm. I like firsts.”
“Me, too. Here goes.” And with a gentleness that surprises me, he runs the razor over my sensitive flesh. “Keep still,” he says distractedly, and I know he’s concentrating hard. It only takes a matter of minutes before he grabs the towel and wipes all the excess lather off me. “There—that’s more like it,” he muses, and I finally lift my arm to look at him as he sits back to admire his handiwork. “Happy?” I ask, my voice hoarse. “Very.” He grins wickedly and slowly eases a finger inside me. ~o0o~ “But that was fun,” he says his eyes gently mocking. “For you maybe.” I try to pout—but he’s right . . . it was . . . arousing. “I seem to recall the aftermath was very satisfying.” Christian returns to finishing his shave. I glance quickly down at my fingers. Yes, it was. I had no idea that the absence of pubic hair could make such a difference. “Hey, I’m just teasing. Isn’t that what husbands who are hopelessly in love with their wives do?” Christian tips my chin up and gazes at me, his eyes suddenly filled with apprehension as he endeavors to read my expression. Hmm . . . payback time. “Sit,” I mutter. He blinks at me, not understanding. I push him gently toward the lone white stool in the bathroom. He sits down, gazing at me puzzled, and I take the razor from him. “Ana,” he warns as he realizes my intention. I lean down and kiss him. “Head back,” I whisper. He hesitates. “Tit for tat, Mr. Grey.” He stares at me with wary, amused disbelief. “You know what you’re doing?” he asks, his voice low. I shake my head slowly, deliberately, trying to look as serious as possible. He closes his eyes and shakes his head then tilts his head back in surrender. Holy shit, he’s going to let me shave him. My inner
goddess flexes and stretches her arms outward, her fingers interlocked, palms out, limbering up. Tentatively I slide my hand into the damp hair at his forehead, gripping tightly to hold him still. He clenches his eyes closed and parts his lips as he inhales. Very gently, I stroke his razor up from his neck to his chin, revealing a path of skin beneath the lather. Christian exhales. “Did you think I was going to hurt you?” “I never know what you’re going to do, Ana, but no—not intentionally.” I run the razor up his neck again, clearing a wider path in the lather. “I would never intentionally hurt you, Christian.” He opens his eyes and circles his arms around me as I gently drag the razor down his cheek from the bottom of his sideburn. “I know,” he says, angling his face so I can shave the rest of his cheek. Two more strokes and I’ve finished. “All done, and not a drop of blood spilt.” I grin proudly. He runs his hand up my leg so that my nightdress rides up my thigh and pulls me on to his lap so that I’m astride him. I steady myself with my hands on his upper arms. He’s really very muscular. “Can I take you somewhere today?” “No sunbathing?” I arch a caustic brow at him. He licks his lips nervously. “No. No sunbathing today. I thought you might prefer that.” “Well, since you’ve covered me in hickeys and effectively put the kibosh on that, sure, why not?” Wisely he chooses to ignore my tone. “It’s a drive, but it’s worth a visit from what I’ve read. My dad recommended we visit. It’s a hilltop village called Saint Paul de Vence. There are some galleries there. I thought we could pick out some paintings or sculptures for the new house, if we find anything we like.” Holy crap. I lean back and gaze at him. Art . . . he wants to buy art. How can I buy art? “What?” he asks. “I know nothing about art, Christian.” He shrugs and smiles at me indulgently. “We’ll only buy what we like. This isn’t about investment.”
Investment? Jeez. “What?” he says again. I shake my head. “Look, I know we only got the architect’s drawings the other day— but there’s no harm in looking, and the town is an ancient, medieval place.” Oh—the architect, he had to remind me of her . . . a good friend of Elliot’s, Gia Matteo. During our meetings, she’d been all over Christian like a rash. “What now?” Christian exclaims. I shake my head. “Tell me,” he urges. How can I tell him that I don’t like Gia? My dislike is irrational. I don’t want to come across as the jealous wife. “You’re not still mad about what I did yesterday?” He sighs and nuzzles his face between my breasts. “No. I’m hungry,” I mutter, knowing full well that this will distract him from this line of questioning. “Why didn’t you say?” He eases me off his lap and stands. Saint Paul de Vence is a medieval fortified hilltop village, one of the most picturesque places I have ever seen. I stroll arm in arm with Christian through the narrow cobbled streets, my hand in the back pocket of his shorts. Taylor and either Gaston or Philippe—I can’t tell the difference between them—trail behind us. We pass a tree-covered square where three old men, one wearing a traditional beret in spite of the heat, are playing boules. It’s quite crowded with tourists, but I feel comfortable tucked under Christian’s arm. There is so much to see— little alleys and passageways leading to courtyards with intricate stone fountains, ancient and modern sculptures, and fascinating little boutiques and shops. In the first gallery, Christian gazes distractedly at the erotic photographs in front of us, sucking gently on the arm of his aviator specs. They are the work of Florence D’elle—naked women in various poses. “Not quite what I had in mind,” I mumble disapprovingly. They make me think of the box of photographs I found in his closet, our closet. I wonder if he ever did destroy them.
“Me neither,” Christian says, grinning down at me. He takes my hand and we stroll to the next artist. Idly, I wonder if I should let him take photos of me after all. My inner goddess nods frantically with approval. The next display is by a female painter who specializes in figurative art—fruit and vegetables super close up and in rich, glorious color. “I like those.” I point to three paintings of peppers. “They remind me of you chopping vegetables in my apartment.” I giggle. Christian’s mouth twists as he tries and fails to hide his amusement. “I thought I managed that quite competently,” he mutters. “I was just a bit slow, and anyway”—he pulls me into an embrace—”you were distracting me. Where would you put them?” “What?” Christian is nuzzling my ear. “The paintings—where would you put them?” He bites my earlobe and I feel it in my groin. “Kitchen,” I murmur. “Hmm. Nice idea, Mrs. Grey.” I squint at the price. Five thousand euros each. Holy shit! “They’re really expensive!” I gasp. “So?” He nuzzles me again. “Get used to it, Ana.” He releases me and saunters over to the desk where a young woman dressed entirely in white is standing gaping at him. I want to roll my eyes, but turn my attention back to the paintings. Five thousand euros . . . jeez. We have finished lunch and are relaxing over coffee at the Hotel Le Saint Paul. The view of the surrounding countryside is stunning. Vineyards and fields of sunflowers form a patchwork across the plain, interspersed here and there with neat little French farmhouses. It’s such a clear, beautiful day we can see all the way to the sea, glinting faintly on the horizon. Christian interrupts my reverie. “You asked me why I braid your hair,” he murmurs. His tone alarms me. He looks . . . guilty. “Yes.” Oh shit. “The crack whore used to let me play with her hair, I think. I don’t know if it’s a memory or a dream.”
Whoa! His birth mom. He gazes at me, his expression unreadable. My heart leaps into my mouth. What do I say when he says things like this? “I like you playing with my hair.” My voice is gentle and hesitant. He blinks, his eyes wide, and fearful. “Do you?” “Yes.” It’s the truth. Reaching over I grasp his hand. “I think you loved your birth mother, Christian.” His eyes widen even more and he stares at me impassively, saying nothing. Holy shit. Have I gone too far? Say something, Fifty—please. But he remains resolutely mute, gazing at me with fathomless gray eyes while the silence stretches between us. What are you thinking, husband of mine? He looks lost. He glances down at my hand on his and he frowns. “Say something,” I whisper, because I cannot bear the silence any longer. He blinks then shakes his head, exhaling deeply. “Let’s go.” He releases my hand and stands. His expression guarded. Have I overstepped the mark? I have no idea. My heart sinks and I don’t know whether to say anything else or just let it go. I decide on the latter and follow him dutifully out of the restaurant. In the lovely narrow street, he takes my hand. “Where do you want to go?” He speaks! And he’s not mad at me—thank heavens. I exhale, relieved, and shrug. “I am just glad you’re still speaking to me.” “You know I don’t like talking about all that shit. It’s done. Finished,” he says quietly . No, Christian, it isn’t. The thought saddens me, and for the first time I wonder if it will ever be finished. He’ll always be Fifty Shades . . . my Fifty Shades. Do I want him to change? No, not really— only insofar as I want him to feel loved. Peeking up at him, I take a moment to admire his captivating beauty . . . and he’s mine. And it’s not just the allure of his fine, fine face and his body that has me spellbound. It’s what’s behind the perfection that draws me, that calls to me. . . his fragile, damaged soul. He gives me that look, down his nose, half amused, half wary, wholly sexy then tucks me under his arm, and we make our way through the tourists toward the spot where Philippe/Gaston has parked the roomy Mercedes. I slip my hand back into the back pocket of Christian’s shorts, grateful that he isn’t mad at my presumption. But,
honestly, what four-year-old child doesn’t love his mom, no matter how bad a mom she is? I sigh heavily and hug him closer. I know behind us the security team lurks, and I wonder idly if they’ve eaten. Christian stops outside a small boutique selling fine jewelry and gazes in the window, then down at me. He reaches across, grasps my free hand, and runs his thumb across the faded red line of the handcuff mark, inspecting it. “It’s not sore.” I reassure him. He twists so that my other hand is freed from his pocket. He clasps that hand, too, turning it gently over to examine my wrist. The platinum Omega watch he gave me at breakfast on our first morning in London obscures the red line. The inscription still makes me swoon. Anastasia You are my More My Love, My Life Christian In spite of everything, all his fiftyness, my husband can be so romantic. I gaze down at the faint marks on my wrist. Then again, he can be savage sometimes. Releasing my left hand, he tilts my chin up with his fingers and scrutinizes my expression, his eyes wide and troubled. “They don’t hurt,” I repeat. He pulls my hand to his lips and plants a soft apologetic kiss on the inside of my wrist. “Come,” he says and leads me into the shop. “Here,” Christian holds open the filigree platinum bracelet he’s just purchased. It’s exquisite, so delicately crafted, the filigree in the shape of small abstract flowers with small diamonds at their heart. He fastens it around my wrist. It’s wide and cuff-like and hides the red marks. It is also cost around fifteen thousand euros, I think, though I couldn’t really follow the conversation in French with the sales assistant. I have never worn anything so expensive. “There, that’s better,” he murmurs. “Better?” I whisper, gazing into luminous gray eyes, conscious that the stick-thin sales assistant is staring at us with a jealous and disapproving look on her face. “You know why,” Christian says uncertainly.
“I don’t need this.” I shake my wrist and the cuff moves. It catches the afternoon light streaming through the boutique window and small sparkling rainbows dance off the diamonds all over the walls of the store. “I do,” he says with utter sincerity. Why? Why does he need this? Does he feel guilty? About what? The marks? His birth mother? Not confiding in me? Oh, Fifty. “No, Christian, you don’t. You’ve given me so much already. A magical honeymoon, London, Paris, the Cote D’Azur . . . and you. I’m a very lucky girl,” I whisper and his eyes soften. “No, Anastasia, I’m a very lucky man.” “Thank you.” Stretching up on tiptoes, I put my arms around his neck and kiss him . . . not for giving me the bracelet, but for being mine. Back in the car he’s introspective, gazing out at the fields of bright sunflowers, their heads following and basking in the afternoon sun. One of the twins—I think it’s Gaston—is driving and Taylor is beside him up front. Christian is brooding about something. Reaching over, I clasp his hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. He turns to look at me, before releasing my hand and caressing my knee. I’m wearing a short, full, blue and white skirt, and a blue, fitted, sleeveless shirt. Christian hesitates, and I don’t know if his hand is going to travel up my thigh or down my leg. I tense with anticipation at the gentle touch of his fingers and my breath catches. What’s he going to do? He chooses down, suddenly grasps my ankle and pulls my foot on to his lap. I swivel my backside so I am facing him in the back of the car. “I want the other one, too.” Oh! Why? I glance nervously toward Taylor and Gaston, whose eyes are resolutely on the road ahead, and place my other foot on his lap. His eyes cool, he reaches over and presses a button located in his door. In front of us, a lightly tinted privacy screen slides out of a panel, and ten seconds later we are effectively on our own. Wow . . . no wonder the back of this car has so much legroom. “I want to look at your ankles,” Christian offers his quiet explanation. His gaze is anxious. What now? The cuff marks? Jeez . . . I thought we’d dealt with this. If there are marks, they are hidden by the sandal straps. I don’t recall seeing any this morning. Gently, he strokes his thumb up my right instep, making me wriggle. A smile plays on his lips and deftly he undoes one strap, and his smile fades as he’s confronted with the darker red marks.
“Doesn’t hurt,” I murmur. He glances at me and his expression is sad, his mouth a thin line. He nods once as if he’s taking me at my word while I shake my sandal loose so it falls to the floor, but I know I’ve lost him. He’s distracted and brooding again, mechanically caressing my foot while he turns away to gaze out the car window once more. “Hey. What did you expect?” I ask softly. He glances at me and shrugs. “I didn’t expect to feel like I do looking at these marks,” he says. What? Reticent one minute and forthcoming the next? How . . . Fifty! How can I keep up with him? “How do you feel?” He gazes at me, his eyes bleak. “Uncomfortable,” he murmurs. Oh no. I unbuckle my seatbelt and scoot closer to him, leaving my feet in his lap. I want to crawl into his lap and hold him, and I would, if it were just Taylor in the front. But knowing Gaston is there cramps my style in spite of the glass. If only it were darker. I clutch his hands. “It’s the hickeys I don’t like,” I whisper. “Everything else . . . what you did”—I lower my voice even further—“with the handcuffs, I enjoyed that. Well, more than enjoyed. It was mind-blowing. You can do that to me again anytime.” He shifts in his seat. “Mind-blowing?” My inner goddess looks up startled from her Jackie Collins. “Yes.” I grin. I flex my toes into his hardening crotch and see rather than hear his sharp intake of breath, his lips parting. “You should really be wearing your seat belt, Mrs. Grey.” His voice is low, and I curl my toes around him once more. He gasps and his eyes darken, and he clasps my ankle in warning. Does he want me stop? Continue? He pauses and scowls. What now? He fishes his ever-present BlackBerry out of his pocket to take an incoming call and glances at his watch. His frown deepens. “Barney,” he snaps. Crap. Work interrupting us again. I try to remove my feet but his hand tightens on my ankle. “In the server room?” he says in disbelief. “Did it activate the fire suppression system?”
Fire! I take my feet off his lap and this time he lets me. I sit back in my seat, buckle my seat belt, and fiddle nervously with the fifteenthousand-euro bracelet. Christian presses the button in his door armrest again and the privacy glass slides down. I realize that this is for Taylor’s benefit. “Anyone injured? Damage? I see . . . When?” Christian glances at his watch again then runs his hand through his hair. “No. Not the fire department or the police. Not yet anyway.” Holy crap! A fire? At Christian’s office? I gape at him, my mind racing. Taylor shifts so he can hear Christian’s conversation. “Has he? Good . . . Okay. I want a detailed damage report. And a complete rundown of everyone who had access over the last five days, including the cleaning staff . . . Get hold of Andrea and get her to call me . . . Yeah, sounds like the argon is just as effective, worth its weight in gold.” Damage report? Argon? What the hell? It rings a distant bell from chemistry class—an element, I think. “I realize it’s early . . . E-mail me in two hours . . . No, I need to know. Thank you for calling me.” Christian hangs up, then immediately punches a number into the BlackBerry. “Welch . . . Good . . . When?” Christian glances at his watch yet again. “An hour then . . . yes . . . Twenty- four-seven at the off-site data store . . . good.” He hangs up. “Philippe, I need to be onboard within the hour.” “Monsieur. ” Shit, it’s Philippe, not Gaston. The car surges forward. Christian glances at me, his expression unreadable. “Anyone hurt?” I ask quietly. Christian shakes his head. “Very little damage.” He reaches over and clasps my hand, squeezing it reassuringly. “Don’t worry about this. My team is on it.” And there he is, the CEO, in command, in control and not flustered at all. “Where was the fire?” “Server room.” “Grey House?” “Yes.” His responses are clipped, so I know he doesn’t want to talk about it. Why not?
“Why so little damage?” “The server room is fitted with a state-of-the-art fire suppression system.” Of course it is. “Ana, please . . . don’t worry.” “I’m not worried,” I lie. “We don’t know for sure that it was arson,” he says, cutting to the heart of my anxiety. My hand clutches my throat in fear. Charlie Tango, and now this? What next? Chapter Four I’m restless. Christian has been holed up in the onboard study for over an hour. I have tried reading, watching TV, sunbathing—fully dressed sunbathing!—but I can’t relax and I can’t rid myself of this edgy feeling. After changing into shorts and a T-shirt, I remove the ludicrously expensive bangle and go to find Taylor. “Mrs. Grey,” he says, startled from his Anthony Burgess novel. He’s sitting in the small salon outside Christian’s study. “I’d like to go shopping.” “Yes ma’am.” He stands. “I’d like to take the Jet Ski.” His mouth drops open. “Erm.” He frowns, lost for words. “I don’t want to bother Christian with this.” He flushes. “Mrs. Grey . . . um . . . I don’t think Mr. Grey would be very comfortable with that, and I’d like to keep my job.” Oh, for heaven’s sake! I want to roll my eyes at him, but I narrow them instead, sighing heavily and expressing, I think, the right amount of frustrated indignation that I am not mistress of my own destiny.
Then again, I don’t want Christian mad at Taylor—or me, for that matter. Striding confidently past him, I knock on the study door and enter. Christian is on his BlackBerry, leaning against the mahogany desk. He gazes at me. “Andrea, hold please,” he mutters down the phone, his expression serious. He gazes at me, politely expectant. Shit. Why do I feel like I’ve entered the principal’s office? This man had me in handcuffs yesterday. I refuse to be intimidated by him, he’s my husband damn it. I square my shoulders and give him a broad smile. “I’m going shopping. I’ll take security with me.” “Sure, take one of the twins and Taylor, too,” he says. And I know that whatever’s happening is serious because he doesn’t question me further. I stand staring at him, wondering if I can help. “Anything else?” he asks. He wants me gone. Crap. “Can I get you anything?” I ask. He smiles his sweet shy smile. “No, baby, I’m good,” he says. “The crew will look after me.” “Okay.” I want to kiss him. Hell, I can—he’s my husband. Strolling purposefully forward, I plant a kiss on his lips, surprising him. “Andrea, I’ll call you back,” he mutters. He puts the BlackBerry down on the desk behind him, pulls me into his embrace, and kisses me passionately. I am breathless when he releases me. His eyes are dark and needy. “You’re distracting me. I need to sort this, so I can get back to my honeymoon.” He runs an index finger down my face and caresses my chin, tilting my face up. “Okay. I’m sorry.” “Please don’t apologize, Mrs. Grey. I love your distractions.” He kisses the corner of my mouth. “Go spend some money.” He releases me. “Will do.” I smirk at him as I exit his study. My subconscious shakes her head and purses her lips. You didn’t tell him you were going on the Jet Ski, she chastises me in her singsong voice. I ignore her . . . Harpy. Taylor is patiently waiting. “That’s all cleared with high command . . . can we go?” I smile, trying to keep the sarcasm out of my voice. Taylor doesn’t hide his admiring smile. “Mrs. Grey, after you.”
Taylor patiently talks me through the controls on the Jet Ski and how to ride it. He has a calm, gentle authority about him; he’s a good teacher. We are in the motor launch, bobbing and weaving on the calm waters of the harbor beside the Fair Lady. Gaston looks on, his expression hidden by his shades, and one of the Fair Lady’s crew is at the controls of the motor launch. Jeez—three people with me, just because I want to go shopping. It’s ridiculous. Zipping up my life jacket, I give Taylor a beaming grin. He holds out his hand to assist me as I climb onto the Jet Ski. “Fasten the strap of the ignition key around your wrist, Mrs. Grey. If you fall off, the engine will cut out automatically,” he explains. “Okay.” “Ready?’ I nod enthusiastically. “Press the ignition when you’ve drifted about four feet away from the boat. We’ll follow you.” “Okay.” He pushes the Jet Ski away from the launch, and it floats gently into the main harbor. When he gives me the okay sign, I press the ignition button and the engine roars into life. “Okay, Mrs. Grey, easy does it!” Taylor shouts. I squeeze the accelerator. The Jet Ski lurches forward then stalls. Crap! How does Christian make it look so easy? I try again, and once again, I stall. Double crap! “Just steady on the gas, Mrs. Grey,” Taylor calls. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I mutter under my breath. I try once more, very gently squeezing the lever, and the Jet Ski lurches forward—but this time it keeps going. Yes! It goes some more. Ha ha! It still keeps going! I want to shout and squeal in excitement, but I resist. I cruise gently away from the yacht into the main harbor. Behind me, I hear the throaty roar of the motor launch. When I squeeze the gas further, the Jet Ski leaps forward, skating across the water. With the warm breeze in my hair and a fine sea spray on either side of me, I feel free. This rocks! No wonder Christian never lets me drive. Rather than head for the shore and curtail the fun, I veer around to do a circuit of the stately Fair Lady. Wow—this is so much fun. I ignore Taylor and the crew behind me and speed around the yacht for a
second time. As I complete the circuit, I spot Christian on deck. I think he’s gaping at me, though it’s difficult to tell. Bravely, I lift one hand from the handlebars and wave enthusiastically at him. He looks like he’s made of stone, but finally he raises his hand in the semblance of a stiff wave. I can’t work out his expression, and something tells me I don’t want to, so I head to the marina, speeding across the blue water of the Mediterranean that shimmers in the late afternoon sun. At the dock, I wait and let Taylor pull up ahead of me. His expression is bleak, and my heart sinks, though Gaston looks vaguely amused. I wonder briefly if something has happened to chill GallicAmerican relations, but deep down I suspect the problem is probably me. Gaston leaps out of the motorboat and ties it to the moorings while Taylor directs me to come alongside. Very gently I ease the Jet Ski into position beside the boat and line up beside him. His expression softens a little. “Just switch off the ignition, Mrs. Grey,” he says calmly, reaching for the handlebars and holding out a hand to help me into the motorboat. I nimbly climb aboard, impressed that I don’t fall in. “Mrs. Grey,” Taylor blinks nervously, his cheeks pink once more. “Mr. Grey is not entirely comfortable with you riding on the Jet Ski.” He’s practically squirming with embarrassment, and I realize he’s had an irate call from Christian. Oh my poor, pathologically overprotective husband, what am I going to do with you? I smile serenely at Taylor. “I see. Well, Taylor, Mr. Grey is not here, and if he’s not entirely comfortable, I’m sure he’ll give me the courtesy of telling me himself when I’m back on board.” Taylor winces. “Very good, Mrs. Grey,” he says quietly, handing me my purse. As I climb out of the boat, I catch a glimpse of his reluctant smile, and it makes me want to smile, too. I cannot believe how fond I am of Taylor, but I really don’t appreciate being scolded by him—he’s not my father or my husband. Crap, Christian’s mad—and he has enough to worry about at the moment. What was I thinking? As I stand on the dock waiting for Taylor to climb up, I feel my BlackBerry vibrate in my purse and fish it out. Sadé’s “Your Love is King” is my ring tone for Christian—only for Christian. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi,” he says. “I’ll come back on the boat. Don’t be mad.” I hear his small gasp of surprise. “Um . . .” “It was fun, though,” I whisper.
He sighs. “Well, far be it for me to curtail your fun, Mrs. Grey. Just be careful. Please.” Oh my! Permission to have fun! “I will. Anything you want from town?” “Just you, back in one piece.” “I’ll do my best to comply, Mr. Grey.” “I’m glad to hear it, Mrs. Grey.” “We aim to please,” I respond with a giggle. I hear his smile in his voice. “I have another call—laters, baby.” “Laters, Christian.” He hangs up. Jet Ski crisis averted, I think. The car is waiting, and Taylor holds the door open for me. I wink at him as I climb in, and he shakes his head in amusement. In the car, I fire up the e-mail on my BlackBerry. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Thank You Date: August 17, 2011 16:55  To: Christian Grey For not being too grouchy. Your loving wife xxx From: Christian Grey Subject: Trying to Stay Calm Date: August 17, 2011 16:59
To: Anastasia Grey You’re welcome. Come back in one piece. This is not a request. x Christian Grey CEO & Overprotective Husband, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His response makes me smile. My control freak. Why did I want to come shopping? I hate shopping. But deep down I know why, and I walk determinedly past Chanel, Gucci, Dior, and the other designer boutiques and eventually find the antidote to what ails me in a small, overstocked, touristy store. It’s a little silver ankle bracelet with small hearts and little bells. It tinkles sweetly and it costs five euros. As soon as I’ve bought it, I put it on. This is me—this is what I like. Immediately I feel more comfortable. I don’t want to lose touch with the girl who likes this, ever. Deep down I know that I’m not only overwhelmed by Christian himself but also by his wealth. Will I ever get used to it? Taylor and Gaston follow me dutifully through the late afternoon crowds, and I soon forget they are there. I want to buy something for Christian, something to take his mind off what’s happening in Seattle. But what do I buy for the man who has everything? I pause in a small modern square surrounded by stores and gaze at each one in turn. When I spy an electronics store, our visit to the gallery earlier today and our visit to the Louvre come back to me. We were looking at the Venus de Milo at the time . . . Christian’s words echo in my head, “We can all appreciate the female form. We love to look whether in marble or oils or satin or film.” It gives me an idea, a daring idea. I just need help choosing the right one, and there’s only one person who can help me. I wrestle my BlackBerry out of my purse and call José. “Who . . . ?” he mumbles sleepily. “José, it’s Ana.”
“Ana? Do you have any idea what time it is?” he says grumpily. Holy crap— I thought I had a better handle on the time zones. “Sorry.” “Where are you? You okay?” He sounds more alert now, concerned. “I’m in Cannes in the South of France, and I’m fine.” “South of France, huh? You in some fancy hotel?” “Um . . . no. We’re staying on a boat.” “A boat?” “A big boat.” I clarify, sighing. “I see.” His tone chills. . . Shit, I should not have called him. I don’t need this right now. “José, I need your advice.” “My advice?” He sounds stunned. “Sure,” he says, and this time he’s much more friendly. I tell him my plan. Two hours later, Taylor helps me out of the motor launch onto the steps up to the deck. Gaston is helping the deckhand with the Jet Ski. Christian is nowhere to be seen, and I scurry down to our cabin to wrap his present, feeling a childish sense of delight. “You were gone some time.” Christian startles me just as I am applying the last piece of tape. I turn to find him standing in the doorway to the cabin, watching me intently. Holy shit! Am I still in trouble over the Jet Ski? Or is it the fire at his office? “Everything in control at your office?” I ask tentatively. “More or less,” he says, an annoyed frown flitting across his face. “I did a little shopping,” I murmur, hoping to lighten his mood, and praying his annoyance is not directed at me. He smiles warmly, and I know we’re okay. “What did you buy?”
“This,” I put my foot up on the bed and show him my ankle chain. “Very nice,” he says. He steps over to me and fondles the tiny bells so that they jingle sweetly around my ankle. He frowns again at the mark left by the cuffs and runs his fingers lightly along the line, sending tingles up my leg. “And this.” I hold out the box, hoping to distract him. “For me?” he asks in surprise. I nod shyly. He takes the box and shakes it gently. He grins his boyish, dazzling smile and sits down beside me on the bed. Leaning over, he grasps my chin and kisses me. “Thank you,” he says with shy delight. “You haven’t opened it yet.” “I’ll love it, whatever it is.” He gazes down at me, his eyes glowing. “I don’t get many presents.” “It’s hard to buy you things. You have everything.” “I have you.” “You do.” I grin at him. Oh, you so do, Christian. He makes short work of the wrapping paper. “A Nikon?” He glances up at me, puzzled. “I know you have your compact digital camera but this is for . . . um . . . portraits and the like. It comes with two lenses.” He blinks at me, still not understanding. “Today in the gallery you liked the Florence D’elle photographs. And I remember what you said in the Louvre. And of course, there were those other photographs.” I swallow, trying my best not to recall the images I found in his closet. He stops breathing, his eyes widening as realization dawns, and I continue hurriedly before I lose my nerve. “I thought you might, um . . . like to take pictures of . . . me.” “Pictures. Of you?” He gapes at me ignoring the box on his lap. I nod, desperately trying to gauge his reaction. Finally he gazes back down at the box, his fingers tracing over the illustration of the camera on the front with fascinated reverence.
What is he thinking? Oh, this is not the reaction I was expecting, and my subconscious glares at me like I’m a dumb domesticated farm animal. Christian never reacts the way I expect. He looks back up at me, his eyes filled with what, pain? Shit . . . what now? “Why do you think I want this?” he asks, bemused. No, no, no! You said you’d love it . . . “Don’t you?” I ask, refusing to acknowledge my subconscious who is questioning why anyone would want erotic photographs of me. Christian swallows and runs a hand through his hair, and he looks so lost, so confused. He takes a deep breath. “For me, photos like those have usually been an insurance policy, Ana. I know I’ve objectified women for so long,” he says and pauses awkwardly. What? Where the fuck is this going? “And you think taking pictures of me is . . . um, objectifying me? Oh.” All the air leaves my body, and the blood drains from my face. He scrunches up his eyes. “I am so confused,” he whispers. When he opens his eyes again, they are wide and wary, full of some raw emotion. Shit. What has brought this on—Me? My questions earlier about his birth mom? The fire at his office? “Why do you say that?” I whisper, panic rising in my throat. I thought he was happy. I thought we were happy. I thought I made him happy. I don’t want to confuse him. Do I? My mind starts racing. What’s brought about this sea change? He hasn’t seen Flynn in nearly three weeks. Is that it? Is that the reason he’s unraveling? Shit, should I call Flynn? And in a possibly unique moment of extraordinary depth and clarity, it comes to me—the fire, Charlie Tango, the Jet Ski . . . He’s scared, he’s scared for me, and seeing these marks on my skin must bring that home. He’s been fussing about them all day, confusing himself because he’s not used to feeling uncomfortable about inflicting pain. The thought chills me. He shrugs and once more his eyes move down to my wrist where the bangle he bought me this afternoon used to be. Bingo! “Christian, these don’t matter.” I hold up my wrist, revealing the fading welt. “You gave me a safe word. Shit—yesterday was fun. I enjoyed it. Stop brooding about it—I like rough sex, I’ve told you that before.” I flush scarlet as I try to quash my rising panic. He gazes at me intently, and I have no idea what he’s thinking. Maybe he’s measuring my words. I stumble on.
“Is this about the fire? Do you think it’s connected somehow to Charlie Tango? Is this why you’re worried? Talk to me, Christian— please.” He stares at me, saying nothing and the silence expands between us again like it did this afternoon. Holy fucking crap! He’s not going to talk to me, I know. “Don’t overthink this Christian,” I scold quietly, and the words echo, disturbing a memory from the recent past—his words to me about his stupid contract. I reach over, take the box from his lap, and open it. He watches me passively as if I’m a fascinating alien creature. Knowing that the camera is prepped by the overly helpful salesman in the store, and ready to go, I fish it out of the box and remove the lens cap. I point the camera at him so his beautiful anxious face fills the frame. I press the button and keep it pressed, and ten pictures of Christian’s alarmed expression are captured digitally for posterity. “I’ll objectify you then,” I murmur, pressing the shutter again. On the final still his lips twitch almost imperceptibly. I press again, and this time he smiles . . . a small smile, but a smile nevertheless. I hold down the button once more and see him physically relax in front of me and pout—a full-on, posed, ridiculous, “blue steel” pout, and it makes me giggle. Oh, thank heavens. Mr. Mercurial is back—and I’ve never been so pleased to see him. “I thought it was my present,” he mutters sulkily, but I think he’s teasing. “Well, it was supposed to be fun, but it’s ended up as a symbol of women’s oppression.” I snap away, taking more pictures of him, and watch the amusement grow on his face in super close-up. Then his eyes darken, and his expression changes to predatory. “You want to be oppressed?” he murmurs silkily. “Not oppressed. No,” I murmur back, snapping again. “I could oppress you big time, Mrs. Grey,” he threatens, his voice husky. “I know you can, Mr. Grey. And you do, frequently.” He blinks at me as his face falls. Shit. I lower the camera and stare at him. “What’s wrong, Christian?” My voice oozes frustration. Tell me! He says nothing. Gah! He’s so infuriating. I lift the camera to my eye again. “Tell me,” I insist.
“Nothing,” he says and abruptly disappears from the viewfinder. In one swift, smooth move, he reaches over, sweeps the camera box onto the cabin floor, and grabs me, pushing me down onto the bed. He sits astride me. “Hey!” I exclaim and take more photographs of him, smiling down at me with dark intent. He grabs the camera by the lens, and the photographer becomes the subject as he points the Nikon at me and presses the shutter down. “So, you want me to take pictures of you, Mrs. Grey?” he says, amused. All I can see of his face is his unruly hair and a broad grin on his sculptured mouth. “Well, for a start, I think you should be laughing,” he says, and he tickles me ruthlessly under my ribs, making me squeal and giggle and squirm beneath him until I grasp his wrist in a vain attempt to make him stop. His grin widens, and he renews his efforts while snapping pictures. “No! Stop!” I scream. “Are you kidding?” he growls and puts the camera down beside us so that he can torture me with both hands. “Christian!” I splutter and gasp my laughing protest. He has never, ever tickled me before. Fuck—stop! I thrash my head from side to side, trying to wiggle out from under him, giggling and pushing both of his hands away, but he’s unrelenting—grinning down at me, enjoying my torment. “Christian, stop!” I plead and he stops suddenly. Grabbing both of my hands, he holds them down on either side of my head while looming over me. I am panting and breathless with laughter. His breathing mirrors mine, and he gazes down at me with . . . what? My lungs stop functioning. Wonder? Love? Reverence? Holy cow. That look! “You. Are. So. Beautiful,” he breathes. I stare up at him, at his dear, dear divine face; bathed in the intensity of his gaze, and it’s as if he’s seeing me for the first time. Leaning down, he closes his eyes and kisses me, enraptured. His response is a wake-up call to my libido . . . seeing him like this, undone, by me. Oh my. He releases my hands and curls his fingers around my head and into my hair, holding me gently in place, and my body rises and fills with my arousal, responding to his kiss. And suddenly the nature of his kiss alters, no longer sweet, reverential and admiring, but carnal, deep and devouring—his tongue invading my mouth, taking not giving, his kiss possessing a desperate needy edge. As desire courses through my blood, awakening every muscle and sinew in its wake, I feel a frisson of alarm. Oh Fifty, what’s wrong?
He inhales sharply and groans. “Oh, what you do to me,” he murmurs, lost and raw. He moves suddenly, lying down on top of me, pressing me into the mattress—one hand cupping my chin, the other skimming over my body, my breast, my waist, my hip, and around my behind. He kisses me again, pushing his leg between mine, raising my knee, and grinding against me, his erection straining against our clothes and my sex. I gasp and moan against his lips, losing myself to his fervent passion. I dismiss the distant alarm bells in the back of my mind, knowing that he wants me, that he needs me, and that when it comes to communicating with me, this is his favorite form of self expression. I kiss him with renewed abandon, running my fingers through his hair, fisting my hands, holding tight. He tastes so good and smells of Christian, my Christian. Abruptly, he stops, stands up, and pulls me off the bed so that I am standing in front of him, dazed. He undoes the button on my shorts and kneels quickly, yanking them and my panties down, and before I can breathe again, I am back on the bed beneath him and he’s unbuttoning his fly. Holy cow, he’s not taking off his clothes or my T-shirt. He holds my head and with no preamble whatsoever he thrusts himself inside me, making me cry out—more in surprise than anything else— but I can still hear the hiss of his breath forced through his clenched teeth. “Yessss,” he breathes close to my ear. He stills, then swivels his hips once, pushing deeper, making me groan. “I need you,” he growls, his voice low and husky. He runs his teeth along my jaw, nipping and sucking, and then he’s kissing me again, hard. I wrap my legs and arms around him, cradling and holding him hard against me, determined to wipe out whatever’s worrying him, and he starts to move . . . move like he’s trying to climb inside me. Over and over, frantic, primal, desperate, and before I lose myself in the insane rhythm and pace he’s setting, I briefly wonder once more what’s driving him, worrying him. But my body takes over, obliterating the thought, climbing and building so I am awash with sensation, meeting him thrust for thrust. Listening to his harsh breathing, labored and fierce at my ear. Knowing that he’s lost in me. . . I groan loudly, panting. It’s so erotic—his need, his need for me. I am reaching . . . reaching . . . and he’s driving me higher, overwhelming me, taking me, and I want this. I want this so much . . . for him and for me. “Come with me,” he gasps, and he rears up over me so I have to break my hold around him. “Open your eyes,” he orders. “I need to see you.” His voice is urgent, implacable. My eyes flicker open momentarily, and the sight of him above me—his face taut with ardor, his eyes raw and glowing with need. His passion and his love is my undoing, and on cue I come, throwing my head back as my body pulses around him. “Oh, Ana,” he cries and he joins my climax, driving into me, then stilling and collapsing onto me. He rolls over so that I’m sprawled on
top of him, and he’s still inside me. As I surface from my orgasm and my body steadies and calms, I want to make some quip about being objectified and oppressed, but hold my tongue, uncertain of his mood. I glance up from Christian’s chest to examine his face. His eyes are closed and his arms are wrapped around me, clinging tight. I kiss his chest through the thin fabric of his linen shirt. “Tell me, Christian, what’s wrong?” I ask softly and wait anxiously to see if even now, sated by sex, he’ll tell me. I feel his arms tighten around me further, but it’s his only response. He’s not going to talk. Inspiration hits me. “I give you my solemn vow to be your faithful partner in sickness and in health, to stand by your side in good times and in bad, to share your joy as well as your sorrow,” I murmur. He freezes. His only movement is to open wide his fathomless eyes and gaze at me as I continue my wedding vows. “I promise to love you unconditionally, to support you in your goals and dreams, to honor and respect you, to laugh with you and cry with you, to share my hopes and dreams with you, and bring you solace in times of need.” I pause, willing him to talk to me. He watches me, his lips parted, but says nothing. “And to cherish you for as long as we both shall live.” I sigh. “Oh, Ana,” he whispers and moves again, breaking our precious contact so that we’re lying side by side. He strokes my face with the back of his knuckles. “I solemnly vow that I will safeguard and hold dear and deep in my heart our union and you,” he whispers, his voice hoarse . “I promise to love you faithfully, forsaking all others, through the good times and the bad, in sickness or in health, regardless of where life takes us. I will protect you, trust you, and respect you. I will share your joys and sorrows and comfort you in times of need. I promise to cherish you and uphold your hopes and dreams and keep you safe at my side. All that is mine is now yours. I give you my hand, my heart, and my love from this moment on for as long as we both shall live.” Tears spring to my eyes. His face softens as he gazes at me. “Don’t cry,” he murmurs, his thumb catching and dispatching a stray tear. “Why won’t you talk to me? Please, Christian.”
He closes his eyes as if in pain. “I vowed I would bring you solace in times of need. Please don’t make me break my vows.” He sighs and opens his eyes, his expression bleak. “It’s arson,” he says simply, and he looks suddenly so young and vulnerable. Oh fuck. “And my biggest worry is that they are after me. And if they are after me—” He stops, unable to continue. “. . . They might get me,” I whisper. He blanches and I know that I have finally uncovered the root of his anxiety. Reaching up, I caress his face. “Thank you,” I murmur. He frowns. “What for?” “For telling me.” He shakes his head and a ghost of a smile touches his lips. “You can be very persuasive, Mrs. Grey.” “And you can brood and internalize all your feelings and worry yourself to death. You’ll probably die of a heart attack before you’re forty, and I want you around far longer than that.” “Mrs. Grey, you’ll be the death of me. The sight of you on the Jet Ski—I nearly had a coronary.” He flops back on the bed and puts his hand over his eyes, and I feel him shudder. “Christian, it’s a Jet Ski. Even kids ride Jet Skis. Can you imagine what you’ll be like when we visit your place in Aspen and I go skiing for the first time?” He gasps and turns to face me, and I want to laugh at the horror on his face. “Our place,” he says eventually. I ignore him. “I’m a grown-up, Christian, and much tougher than I look. When are you going to learn this?” He shrugs and his mouth thins. I decide to change the subject. “So, the fire. Do the police know about the arson?” “Yes.” His expression is serious. “Good.” “Security is going to get tighter,” he says matter-of-factly.
“I understand.” I glance down his body. He’s still wearing his shorts and his shirt, and I still have my T- shirt on. Jeez—talk about wham, bam, thank you ma’am. The thought makes me giggle. “What?” Christian asks, bemused. “You.” “Me?” “Yes. You. Still dressed.” “Oh.” He glances down at himself, then back at me, and his face erupts into an enormous smile. “Well, you know how hard it is for me to keep my hands off you, Mrs. Grey—especially when you’re giggling like a schoolgirl.” Oh yes—the tickling. Gah! The tickling. I move quickly so that I’m straddling him, but immediately understanding my evil intent, he grabs both of my wrists. “No,” he says and he means it. I pout at him but decide that he’s not ready for this. “Please don’t,” he whispers. “I couldn’t bear it. I was never tickled as a child.” He pauses and I relax my hands so he doesn’t have to restrain me. “I used to watch Carrick with Elliot and Mia, tickling them, and it looked like such fun, but I . . . I . . .” I place my index finger on his lips. “Hush, I know,” I murmur and plant a soft kiss on his lips where my finger has just been, then curl up on his chest. The familiar painful ache swells inside me, and the profound sadness that I hold in my heart for Christian as a little boy seizes me once more. I know I would do anything for this man because I love him so. He puts his arms around me and presses his nose into my hair, inhaling deeply as he gently strokes my back. I don’t know how long we lie there, but eventually I break the comfortable silence between us. “What is the longest you’ve gone without seeing Dr. Flynn?” “Two weeks. Why? Do you have an incorrigible urge to tickle me?” “No.” I chuckle. “I think he helps you.”
Christian snorts. “He should; I pay him enough.” He pulls my hair gently, turning my face to look up at him. I lift my head and he gazes at me. “Are you concerned for my well-being, Mrs. Grey?” he asks softly. “Every good wife is concerned for her beloved husband’s wellbeing, Mr. Grey,” I admonish him teasingly. “Beloved?” he whispers, and it’s a poignant question hanging between us. “Very much beloved.” I scoot up to kiss him, and he smiles his shy smile. “Do you want to go ashore to eat, Mrs. Grey?” “I want to eat wherever you’re happiest.” “Good.” He grins. “Aboard it is where I can keep you safe. Thank you for my present.” He reaches over and grabs the camera, and holding it at arm’s length, he snaps the two of us in our post tickling, postcoital, post confessional embrace. “The pleasure is all mine,” I smile and his eyes light up. ~o0o~ We wander through the opulent, gilt splendor of the eighteenth century Palace of Versailles. Once a humble hunting lodge, it was transformed by the Roi Soleil into a magnificent, lavish seat of power, but even before the eighteenth century ended it saw the last of those absolute monarchs. The most stunning room by far is the Hall of Mirrors. The early afternoon light floods through windows to the west, lighting up the mirrors that line the east wall and illuminating the gold leaf décor and the enormous crystal chandeliers. It’s breathtaking. “Interesting to see what becomes of a despotic megalomaniac who isolates himself in such splendor,” I murmur to Christian as he stands at my side. He gazes down and cocks his head to one side, regarding me with humor. “Your point, Mrs. Grey?” “Oh, merely an observation, Mr. Grey.” I wave my hand airily at the surroundings. Smirking, he follows me to the center of the room where I stand and gawk at the view—the spectacular gardens reflected in the looking glass and the spectacular Christian Grey, my husband, reflected back at me, his gaze bright and bold. “I would build this for you,” he whispers. “Just to see the way the light burnishes your hair, right here, right now.” He tucks a strand of
hair behind my ear. “You look like an angel.” He kisses me just below my earlobe, takes my hand in his, and murmurs, “We despots do that for the women we love.” I flush at his compliment, smiling shyly, and follow him through the vast room. ~o0o~ “What are you thinking about?” Christian asks softly, taking a sip of his after-dinner coffee. “Versailles.” “Ostentatious, wasn’t it?” He grins. I glance around the more understated grandeur of the Fair Lady’s dining room and purse my lips. “This is hardly ostentatious,” Christian says, a tad defensively. “I know. It’s lovely. The best honeymoon a girl could want.” “Really?” he says, genuinely surprised. And he smiles his shy smile. “Of course it is.” “We’ve only got two more days. Is there anything you’d like to see? Anything you’d like to do?” “Just be with you,” I murmur. Rising from the table, he comes around and kisses me on the forehead. “Well, can you do without me for about an hour? I need to check my e-mails, find out what’s happening at home.” “Sure,” I say brightly, trying to hide my disappointment that I’ll be without him for an hour. Is it freaky that I want to be with him all the time? My subconscious presses her lips into a narrow, unattractive line and nods vigorously. “Thank you for the camera,” he murmurs and heads for the study. Back in our cabin I decide to catch up on my correspondence and open my laptop. There are e-mails from my mom and from Kate, giving me the latest gossip from home and asking how the honeymoon is going. Well, great, until someone decided to burn down GEH Inc. . . . As I finish my response to my mom, an e-mail from Kate hits my inbox.
From: Katherine L. Kavanagh Date: August 17, 2011 11:45 PST To: Anastasia Grey Subject: OMG!!!! Ana, just heard about the fire at Christian’s office. Do you think it’s arson? K xox Rose is online! I jump on to my newfound toy—Skype messaging— and see that she’s available. I quickly type a message. Ana: Hey are you there? Kate: YES, Ana! How are you? How’s the honeymoon? Did you see my e-mail? Does Christian know about the fire? Ana: I’m good. Honeymoon’s great. Yes, I saw your e-mail. Yes, Christian knows. Kate: I thought he would. News is sketchy on what happened. And Elliot won’t tell me anything.  Ana: Are you fishing for a story? Kate: You know me too well. Ana: Christian hasn’t told me much. Kate: Elliot heard from Grace! Oh no—I’m sure Christian doesn’t want this broadcast all over Seattle. I try my patented distract- tenacious-Kavanagh technique. Ana: How are Elliot and Ethan? Kate: Ethan has been accepted into the psych course at Seattle for his master’s degree. Elliot is adorable. Ana: Way to go, Ethan. Kate: How’s our favorite ex-dom? Ana: Kate!
Kate: What? Ana: YOU KNOW WHAT! Kate: K. Sorry Ana: He’s fine. More than fine.  Kate: Well, as long as you’re happy, I’m happy. Ana: I’m blissfully happy. Kate:  I have to run. Can we talk later? Ana: Not sure. See if I am online. Time zones suck! Kate: They do. Love you, Ana. Ana: Love you, too. Laters. x Kate: Laters. <3 Trust Kate to be on the trail of this story. I roll my eyes and shut Skype down before Christian sees the chat. He wouldn’t appreciate the ex-Dom comment—and I’m not sure he’s entirely ex . . . I sigh loudly. Kate knows everything, since our tipsy evening three weeks before the wedding when I finally succumbed to the Kavanagh inquisition. It was a relief to finally talk to someone. I glance at my watch. It’s been about an hour since dinner, and I am missing my husband. I head back on deck to see if he’s finished his work. ~o0o~ I am in the Hall of Mirrors and Christian is standing beside me, smiling down at me with love and affection. You look like an angel. I beam back at him, but when I glance into the looking glass I’m standing on my own and the room is gray and drab. No! My head whips back to his face, to find his smile is sad and wistful. Reaching up, he tucks my hair behind my ear. Then he turns wordlessly and walks away slowly, the sound of his footsteps echoing off the mirrors as he paces the enormous room to the ornate double doors at the end . . . a man on his own, a man with no reflection . . . and I wake, gasping for air, as panic seizes me. “Hey,” he whispers from beside me in the darkness, his voice filled with concern. Oh, he’s here. He’s safe. Relief courses through me.
“Oh, Christian,” I mumble, trying to bring my pounding heartbeat under control. He wraps me in his arms, and it’s only then that I realize I have tears streaming down my face. “Ana, what is it?” He strokes my cheek, wiping away my tears, and I can hear his anguish. “Nothing. A silly nightmare.” He kisses my forehead and my tearstained cheeks, comforting me. “Just a bad dream, baby,” he murmurs. “I’ve got you. I’ll keep you safe.” Drinking in his scent, I curl around him, trying to ignore the loss and devastation I felt in my dream, and in that moment, I know that my deepest, darkest fear would be losing him. Chapter Five I stir, instinctively reaching over to Christian’s side of the bed only to feel his absence. Shit! I wake instantly and look anxiously around the cabin. Christian is watching me from the small, upholstered armchair by the bed. Stooping down, he places something on the floor, then moves and stretches out on the bed beside me. He’s dressed in his cutoffs and a gray T-shirt. “Hey, don’t panic. Everything’s fine,” he says, his voice gentle and soothing—like he’s talking to a cornered wild animal. Tenderly, he smooths the hair back from my face and I calm immediately. I see him trying and failing to hide his own concern. “You’ve been so jumpy these last couple of days,” he murmurs, his eyes wide and serious. “I’m okay, Christian.” I give him my brightest smile because I don’t want him to know how worried I am about the arson incident. The painful recollection of how I felt when Charlie Tango was sabotaged and Christian went missing—the hollow emptiness, the indescribable pain—keeps resurfacing; the memory nagging me and gnawing at my heart. Keeping the smile fixed on my face, I try to repress it. “Were you watching me sleep?”
“Yes,” he says gazing at me steadily, studying me. “You were talking.” “Oh?” Shit! What was I saying? “You’re worried,” he adds, his eyes filled with concern. I blink at him. Is there nothing I can keep from this man? He leans forward and kisses me between my brows. “When you frown, a little V forms just here. It’s soft to kiss. Don’t worry baby, I’ll look after you.” “It’s not me I’m worried about—it’s you,” I grumble. “Who’s looking after you?” He smiles indulgently at my tone. “I’m big enough and ugly enough to look after myself. Come. Get up. There’s one thing I’d like to do before we head home.” He grins at me, a big boyish yes-I’m-reallyonly-twenty-eight grin, and swats my behind. I yelp, startled, and realize that today we’re going back to Seattle and my melancholy blossoms. I don’t want to leave. I’ve relished being with him 24-7, and I’m not ready to share him with his company and his family. We’ve had a blissful honeymoon. With a few ups and downs, I admit, but that’s normal for a newly married couple, surely? But Christian cannot contain his boyish excitement, and despite my dark thoughts, it’s infectious. When he rises gracefully off the bed, I follow, intrigued. What has he got in mind? Christian straps the key to my wrist. “You want me to drive?” “Yes.” Christian grins. “That’s not too tight?” “It’s fine. Is that why you’re wearing a life jacket?” I arch my eyebrow. “Yes.” I can’t help my giggle. “Such confidence in my driving capabilities, Mr. Grey.” “As ever, Mrs. Grey.” “Well, don’t lecture me.” Christian holds his hands up in a defensive gesture, but he’s smiling. “Would I dare?” “Yes you would, and yes you do, and we can’t pull over and argue on the sidewalk here.”
“Fair point well made, Mrs. Grey. Are we going to stand on this platform all day debating your driving skills, or are we going to have some fun?” “Fair point well made, Mr. Grey.” I grasp the handlebars of the Jet Ski and clamber on. Christian climbs on behind me and kicks us away from the yacht. Taylor and two of the deckhands look on in amusement. Sliding forward, Christian wraps his arms around me and snuggles his thighs against mine. Yes, this is what I like about this form of transport. I insert in the ignition key and push the start button, and the engine roars into life. “Ready?” I shout to Christian over the noise. “As I’ll ever be,” he says, his mouth close to my ear. Gently, I pull on the lever and the Jet Ski moves away from the Fair Lady, far too sedately for my liking. Christian tightens his embrace. I pull on the gas some more, and we shoot forward and I’m delighted when we don’t stall. “Whoa!” Christian calls from behind, but the exhilaration in his voice is palpable. I speed past the Fair Lady toward the open sea. We’re anchored outside the Port de Plaisance de Saint-Claude-du-Var, Nice airport nestling in the distance, built into the Mediterranean, or so it seems. I’ve heard the odd plane landing since we arrived last night. I decide we need to take a closer look. We shoot toward it, skipping rapidly over the waves. I love this, and I’m thrilled Christian’s letting me drive. All the worry I’ve felt over the past two days melts away as we skim toward the airport. “Next time we do this we’ll have two Jet Skis,” Christian shouts. I grin—the thought of racing him is thrilling. As we zoom over the cool blue sea toward what looks like the end of the runway, the thundering roar of a jet overhead suddenly startles me as it comes in to land. It’s so loud I panic, swerving and hitting the throttle at the same time, mistaking it for a brake. “Ana!” Christian shouts, but it’s too late. I’m catapulted off the side of the Jet Ski, arms and legs flailing, taking Christian with me in a spectacular splash. Screaming, I plunge into the crystal blue sea and swallow a nasty mouthful of the Mediterranean. The water is cold this far from the shore, but I surface within a split second, courtesy of my life jacket. Coughing and spluttering, I wipe the seawater from my eyes and look around for Christian. He’s already swimming toward me. The Jet Ski floats inoffensively a few feet away from us, its engine silent. “You okay?” His eyes are full of panic, as he reaches me. “Yes,” I croak, but I cannot contain my elation. See, Christian?
That’s the worst that can happen on a Jet Ski! He pulls me into his embrace, then grabs my head between his hands, examining my face closely. “See, that wasn’t so bad!” I grin as we tread water. Eventually he smirks at me, obviously relieved. “No, I guess it wasn’t. Except I’m wet,” he grumbles, but his tone is playful. “I’m wet, too.” “I like you wet.” He leers. “Christian!” I scold, trying for faux righteous indignation. He grins, looking gorgeous, then leans in and kisses me hard. When he pulls away, I’m breathless. His eyes are darker, hooded and heated, and I’m warm in spite of the cold water. “Come. Let’s head back. Now we have to shower. I’ll drive.” ~o0o~ We laze in the British Airways first class lounge at Heathrow in London, waiting for our connecting flight to Seattle. Christian is engrossed in the Financial Times. I reach over for his camera, wanting to take some photographs of him. He looks so sexy in his trademark white linen shirt and jeans, and his aviator specs tucked into the V of his open shirt. The flash disturbs him. He blinks up at me and smiles his shy smile. “How are you, Mrs. Grey?” he asks. “Sad to be going home,” I murmur. “I like having you to myself.” He reaches out and clasps my hand. Lifting it to his lips, he grazes my knuckles with a sweet kiss. “Me too.” “But?” I ask, hearing that small word unsaid at the end of his simple statement. He frowns. “But?” he repeats disingenuously. I tilt my head to one side, gazing at him with the tell me expression I have been perfecting over the last couple of days. He sighs, putting his newspaper down. “I want this arsonist caught and out of our lives.” “Oh.” That seems fair enough, but I’m surprised by his bluntness. “I’ll have Welch’s balls on a platter if he lets anything like that happen again.” A shiver runs down my spine at his menacing tone. He gazes at me impassively, and I don’t know if he’s daring me to be flippant or what. I do the only thing I can think of to ease the sudden tension between us and raise the camera and snap another photograph. ~o0o~
“Hey, sleepyhead, we’re home,” Christian murmurs. “Hmm,” I mumble, reluctant to leave my tantalizing dream of Christian and me on a picnic blanket at Kew Gardens. I am so tired. Travelling is exhausting, even in first class. We’ve been up for eighteen or more hours straight, I think—in my fatigue I’ve lost track. I hear my door open, and Christian is leaning over me. He unbuckles my seat belt and lifts me into his arms, waking me. “Hey, I can walk,” I protest sleepily. He snorts. “I need to carry you over the threshold.” I put my arms around his neck. “Up all thirty floors?” I give him a challenging smile. “Mrs. Grey, I am very pleased to announce that you’ve put on some weight.” “What?” He grins. “So if you don’t mind, we’ll use the elevator.” He narrows his eyes at me, though I know he’s teasing. Taylor opens the doors to the Escala lobby and smiles. “Welcome home Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey.” “Thanks, Taylor,” says Christian. I give Taylor the briefest of smiles and watch him head back to the Audi where Sawyer waits at the wheel. “What do you mean I’ve put on weight?” I glare at Christian. His grin broadens, and he clasps me closer to his chest as he carries me across the lobby. “Not much,” he assures me but his face darkens suddenly. Oh no . . . what now? “What is it?” I breathe, trying to control the alarm I hear in my own voice. “You’ve put on some of the weight you lost when you left me,” he explains quietly as he summons the elevator. A bleak expression crosses his face. No! His sudden, surprising anguish tugs at my heart. “Hey.” I curl my fingers around his face and into his hair, pulling him toward me. He comes willingly. “If I hadn’t gone, would you be standing here, like this, now?” I whisper. His eyes melt, the color of a storm cloud, and he smiles his shy smile, my favorite smile.
“No,” he says quietly and steps into the elevator still holding me. He leans down and kisses me gently. “No, Mrs. Grey, I wouldn’t. But I would know I could keep you safe, because you wouldn’t defy me.” He sounds vaguely regretful . . . Shit. “I like defying you.” I test the waters. “I know. And it’s made me so . . . happy.” He smiles down at me through his bemusement. Oh, thank heavens. “Even though I’m fat?” I whisper. He laughs. “Even though you’re fat.” He kisses me again, more heated this time, and I fist my fingers in his hair, holding him against me, our tongues twisting in a slow sensual dance with each other. When the elevator pings to a halt at the penthouse, we are both breathless. “Very happy,” he murmurs. His smile is darker now, his eyes hooded and full of salacious promise. He shakes his head as if to recover himself and, turning with me in his arms, walks into the foyer. “Welcome home, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses me again, more chastely this time, and gives me the full- gigawatt-patented-Christian-Grey smile, his eyes dancing with joy. “Welcome home, Mr. Grey.” I beam up at him, my heart answering his call, brimming with my own joy. I think Christian’s going to put me down, but he doesn’t. He carries me through the foyer, across the corridor and into the great room, and deposits me on the kitchen island where I sit with my legs dangling. He retrieves two champagne flutes from the kitchen cupboard and a bottle of chilled champagne from the fridge—our favorite Bollinger. He deftly opens the bottle, not spilling a drop and pours the pale pink champagne into each glass and hands one to me. Taking up the other, he gently parts my legs and moves forward to stand between them. “Here’s to us, Mrs. Grey.” “To us, Mr. Grey,” I whisper conscious of my shy smile. We clink glasses and take a sip. “I know you’re tired,” he whispers, rubbing his nose against mine. “But I’d really like to go to bed, and not to sleep.” He kisses the corner of my mouth. “It’s our first night back here, and you’re really mine.” His voice drifts off as he plants soft kisses down my throat. It’s only early evening in Seattle, and I am dog-tired, but desire blooms deep in my belly and my inner goddess purrs.
Christian is slumbering peacefully beside me as I stare at the pink and golden streaks of the new dawn through the vast windows. His arm is draped loosely over my breasts, and I try to match his breathing in an effort to get back to sleep, but it’s hopeless. I’m wide awake, my body clock on Greenwich mean time, my mind racing. So much has happened in the last three weeks—who am I kidding, the last three months—I feel that my feet haven’t touched the ground. And now here I am, Ana Steele—Mrs. Anastasia Grey—married to the most delicious, sexy, philanthropic, absurdly wealthy mogul a woman could meet. How did this all happen so fast? I shift onto my side to gaze at him, appraising his beauty. I know he watches me sleep, but I rarely get the opportunity to repay the compliment. He looks so young and carefree in his sleep, his long lashes fanned against his cheek, a light smattering of stubble covering his jaw, and his sculptured lips slightly parted, relaxed as he breathes deeply. I want to kiss him, to push my tongue between his lips, run my fingers over his soft yet prickly stubble. I really have to fight the urge not to touch him, not to disturb him. Hmm . . . I could just tease his earlobe with my teeth and suck. My subconscious glares up at me over her half-moon spectacles, distracted from volume two of the Complete Works of Charles Dickens, and mentally chastises me. Leave the poor man alone, Ana. I am back to work on Monday. We have today to reacclimatize, then we’re back into our routine. It will be odd not seeing Christian for a whole day after spending almost every minute together for the last three weeks. I lie back and stare at the ceiling. One would think that spending so much time together would be suffocating, but that’s just not the case. I’ve loved each and every minute, even our fighting. Every minute . . . except the news of the fire at Grey House. My blood chills. Who could want to harm Christian? My mind gnaws at this mystery again. Someone in his business? An ex? A disgruntled employee? I have no idea, and Christian remains tightlipped about it all, drip-feeding me the minimum information he can get away with in a bid to protect me. I sigh. My shining white-and-dark knight always trying to protect me. What am I going to do with him to make him open up more? He stirs and I still, not wanting to wake him, but it has the opposite effect. Damn! Two bright eyes gaze at me, blinking. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing. Go back to sleep.” I try my reassuring smile. He stretches, rubs his face, and then grins at me. “Jet lag?” he asks.
“Is that what this is? I can’t sleep.” “I have the universal panacea right here, just for you, baby.” He grins like a schoolboy, making me roll my eyes and giggle at the same time. And just like that my dark thoughts are swept aside and my teeth find his earlobe. Christian and I cruise north on the I-5 toward the 520 bridge in the Audi R8. We are going to have lunch at his parents’, a welcome-home Sunday lunch. All the family will be there, plus Kate and Ethan. It will be strange to be in so much company when we’ve been on our own all this time. I haven’t had an opportunity to talk to Christian most of the morning—he was holed up in his study while I unpacked. He said I didn’t have to, that Mrs. Jones would do it. But that’s something else I need to get used to—having domestic help. I run my fingers absentmindedly over the leather upholstery of the door to distract my wandering thoughts. I feel out of sorts. Is it the jet lag? The arson? “Would you let me drive this?” I ask, surprised that I say the words out loud. “Of course,” Christian replies, smiling. “What’s mine is yours. If you dent it, though, I will take you into the Red Room of Pain.” He glances swiftly at me with a malicious grin. Shit! I gape at him. Is this a joke? “You’re kidding. You’d punish me for denting your car? You love your car more than you love me?” I tease. “It’s close,” he says and reaches across to squeeze my knee. “But she doesn’t keep me warm at night.” “I’m sure it could be arranged. You could sleep in her,” I snap. Christian laughs. “We haven’t been home one day and you’re kicking me out already?” He seems delighted. I gaze at him and he gives me a face- splitting grin, and although I want to be mad at him, it’s impossible when he’s in this kind of mood. Now that I think about it, he’s been in a better frame of mind ever since he left his study this morning. And it dawns on me that I’m being petulant because we have to go back to reality, and I don’t know if he’s going to revert to the more closed pre-honeymoon Christian, or if I’ll get to keep the new improved version. “Why are you so pleased?” I ask. He flashes yet another grin at me. “Because this conversation is so . . . normal.” “Normal!” I snort. “Not after three weeks of marriage! Surely.”
His smile slips. “I’m kidding, Christian,” I mutter quickly, not wanting to kill his mood. It strikes me how unsure he is of himself sometimes. I suspect that he’s always been like this, but has just hidden his uncertainty beneath an intimidating exterior. He’s very easy to tease, probably because he’s not used to it. It’s a revelation, and I marvel again that we still have so much to learn about each other. “Don’t worry, I’ll stick to the Saab,” I mutter and turn to stare out of the window, trying to shake off my bad mood. “Hey. What’s wrong?” “Nothing.” “You’re so frustrating sometimes, Ana. Tell me.” I turn and smirk at him. “Back at you, Grey.” He frowns. “I’m trying,” he says softly. “I know. Me too.” I smile and my mood brightens a little. Carrick looks ridiculous in his chef’s hat and Licensed to Grill apron as he stands at the barbecue. Every time I look at him, it makes me smile. In fact, my spirits have lifted considerably. We are all sitting around the table on the terrace of the Grey family home, enjoying the late summer sun. Grace and Mia are setting various salads out on the table, while Elliot and Christian trade friendly insults and discuss plans for the new house, and Ethan and Kate grill me about our honeymoon. Christian keeps hold of my hand, his fingers toying with my wedding and engagement rings. “So if you can get the plans finalized with Gia, I have a window September through to mid-November and can get the whole crew on it,” Elliot says as he stretches and drops an arm around Kate’s shoulder, making her smile. “Gia is due to come over to discuss the plans tomorrow evening,” replies Christian. “I hope we can finalize everything then.” He turns and looks expectantly at me. Oh . . . this is news. “Sure.” I smile at him, mostly for the benefit of his family, but my spirits take a nosedive again. Why does he make these decisions without telling me? Or is it the thought of Gia—all lush hips and full breasts and expensive designer clothes and perfume—smiling too provocatively at my husband? My
subconscious glares at me. He’s given you no reason to be jealous. Shit, I am up and down today. What’s wrong with me? “Ana,” Kate exclaims, snapping me out of my reverie. “You still in the South of France?” “Yes,” I reply with a smile. “You look so well,” she says, though she frowns as she says it. “You both do.” Grace beams while Elliot refills our glasses. “To the happy couple.” Carrick grins and raises his glass, and everyone around the table echoes the sentiment. “And congratulations to Ethan for getting into the psych program at Seattle,” chips in Mia proudly. She gives him an adoring smile and Ethan smirks at her. I wonder idly if she’s made any headway with him. It’s difficult to tell. I listen to the banter around the table. Christian is running through our extensive itinerary over the last three weeks, embellishing here and there. He sounds relaxed and in control, the worry of the arsonist forgotten. I, on the other hand, don’t seem to be able to shake my mood. I pick at my food. Christian said I was fat yesterday. He was joking! My subconscious glares at me again. Elliot accidentally knocks his glass onto the terrace, startling everyone, and there’s a sudden flurry of activity to get it cleaned up. “I am going to take you to the boathouse and finally spank you in there if you don’t snap out of this mood,” Christian whispers to me. I gasp with shock, turn, and gape at him. What? Is he teasing me? “You wouldn’t dare!” I growl at him and from deep inside I feel a familiar, welcome excitement. He cocks an eyebrow at me. Of course he would. I glance quickly at Kate across the table. She’s watching us with interest. I turn back to Christian, narrowing my eyes at him. “You’d have to catch me first—and I’m wearing flats,” I hiss. “I’d have fun trying,” he whispers with a licentious grin, and I think he’s joking. I flush. Confusingly, I feel better. As we finish our dessert of strawberries and cream, the heavens open and unexpectedly soak us. We all leap up to clear the plates and glasses from the table, depositing them in the kitchen. “Good thing the weather held off till we finished,” Grace says pleased, as we drift into the back room den. Christian sits down at the shining black upright piano, presses the quiet pedal, and starts to play a
familiar tune that I can’t immediately place. Grace asks me for my impressions of Saint Paul de Vence. She and Carrick went years ago during their honeymoon, and it occurs to me that this is a good omen, seeing how happy they are together now. Kate and Elliot are cuddling on one of the large overstuffed couches, while Ethan, Mia, and Carrick are deep in a conversation about psychology, I think. Suddenly, as one, all the Greys stop talking and gape at Christian. What? Christian is singing softly to himself at the piano. Silence descends on us all as we strain to hear his soft, lyrical voice. I’ve heard him sing before, haven’t they? He stops, suddenly conscious of the deathly hush that’s fallen over the room. Kate glances questioningly at me and I shrug. Christian turns on the stool and frowns, embarrassed to realize he’s become the center of attention. “Go on,” Grace urges softly. “I’ve never heard you sing, Christian. Ever.” She stares at him in wonder. He sits on the piano stool blinking absently at her, and after a beat, he shrugs. His eyes flicker nervously to me, then over to the French windows. The rest of the room suddenly erupts in self-conscious chatter, and I’m left watching my dear husband. Grace distracts me, grasping my hands then suddenly folding me in her arms. “Oh, darling girl! Thank you, thank you,” she whispers, so only I can hear. It brings a lump to my throat. “Um . . .” I hug her back, not really sure why I am being thanked. Grace smiles, her eyes shining, and kisses my cheek. Oh my . . . What have I done? “I am going to make some tea,” she says, her voice hoarse with unshed tears. I amble over to Christian who is now standing staring out through the French windows. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi.” He puts his arm around my waist, pulling me to him, and I slip my hand into the back pocket of his jeans. We gaze out at the rain. “Feeling better?” I nod. “Good.” “You certainly know how to silence a room.”
“I do it all the time,” he says and he grins at me. “At work, yes, but not here.” “True, not here.” “No one’s ever heard you sing? Ever?” “It appears not,” he says dryly. “Shall we go?” I gaze up at him, trying to gauge his mood. His eyes are soft and warm and slightly bemused. I decide to change the subject. “You going to spank me?” I whisper, and suddenly there are butterflies in my stomach. Perhaps this is what I need . . . this is what I have been missing. He gazes down at me, his eyes darkening. “I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m more than happy to play.” “Oh.” I glance nervously around the large room, but we are out of earshot. “Only if you misbehave, Mrs. Grey.” He bends and murmurs in my ear. How can he put so much sensual promise into six words? “I’ll see what I can do.” I grin. Once we’ve said our goodbyes, we walk over to the car. “Here.” Christian throws me the keys to the R8. “Don’t bend it”— he adds in all seriousness—“or I will be fucking pissed.” My mouth goes dry. He’s letting me drive his car? My inner goddess whips on her leather driving gloves and flat shoes. Oh yes! she cries. “Are you sure?” I mouth, stunned. “Yes, before I change my mind.”
I don’t think I have ever grinned so hard. He rolls his eyes and opens the driver’s door so that I can climb in. I start the engine before he’s even reached the passenger side, and he jumps in quickly. “Eager, Mrs. Grey?” he asks with a wry smile. “Very.” Slowly, I ease the car backward and turn it in the driveway. I manage not to stall it, surprising myself. Boy, is the clutch sensitive. Carefully navigating the driveway, I glance in my rearview mirror to see Sawyer and Ryan—our security for the day—climb into the Audi SUV. I had no idea that they’d followed us here. I pause before I set out onto the main road. “You’re sure about this?” “Yes,” Christian says tightly, telling me he’s not sure about this at all. Oh, my poor, poor Fifty. I want to laugh, at both him and myself, because I’m nervous and excited. A small part of me wants to lose Sawyer and Ryan, just for the kicks. I check for traffic then inch the R8 out onto the road. Christian curls up with tension and I can’t resist. The road is clear. I put my foot down on the gas and we shoot forward. “Whoa! Ana!” Christian shouts. “Slow down—you’ll kill us both.” I immediately ease off the gas. Wow, can this car move! “Sorry,” I mutter, trying to sound contrite and failing miserably. Christian smirks at me, to hide his relief, I think. “Well, that counts as misbehaving,” he says casually and I slow right down. I glance in the rearview mirror. No sign of the Audi, just a solitary dark car with tinted windows behind us. I imagine Sawyer and Ryan flustered, frantic to catch up, and for some reason this gives me a thrill. But not wanting to give my dear husband a coronary, I decide to behave and drive steadily, with growing confidence, toward the 520 bridge. Suddenly, Christian swears and struggles to pull his BlackBerry from the pocket of his jeans. “What?” he snaps angrily at whoever it is on the other end of the line. “No.” he says and glances behind us. “Yes. She is.” What? Briefly checking the rearview mirror, I can’t see anything odd—there are just a few cars behind us. The SUV is about four cars back and we’re all cruising at an even pace.
“I see.” Christian sighs long and hard and rubs his forehead with his fingers, tension radiates off him. Something’s wrong. “Yes . . . I don’t know.” He glances at me and lowers the phone from his ear. “We’re fine. Keep going,” he says calmly, smiling at me, but the smile doesn’t touch his eyes. Shit! Adrenaline spikes through my system. He picks the phone up again. “Okay on the 520. As soon as we hit it . . . Yes . . . I will.” He slots the phone into the speaker cradle, putting it on hands-free. “What’s wrong, Christian?” “Just look where you’re going, baby,” he says softly. I’m heading for the on-ramp of the 520 in the direction of Seattle. When I glance at Christian, he’s staring straight ahead. “I don’t want you to panic,” he says calmly. “But as soon as we’re on the 520 proper, I want you to step on the gas. We’re being followed.” Followed! Holy shit. My heart lurches into my mouth, pounding, my scalp prickles and my throat constricts with panic. Followed by whom? My eyes dart to the rearview mirror and, sure enough, the dark car I saw earlier is still behind us . Fuck! Is that it? I squint through the tinted windshield to see who’s driving, but I see nothing. “Keep your eyes on the road, baby,” Christian says gently, not in the truculent tone he normally uses where my driving is concerned. Get a grip! I mentally slap myself to subdue the dread that’s threatening to swamp me. Suppose whoever’s following us is armed? Armed and after Christian! Shit! I’m hit by a wave of nausea. “How do we know we’re being followed?” My voice is a breathy, squeaky, whisper. “The Dodge behind us has false license plates.” How does he know that? I signal as we approach the 520 from the on-ramp. It’s late afternoon, and although the rain has stopped, the roadway is wet. Fortunately, the traffic is reasonably light. Ray’s voice echoes in my head from one of his many self-defense lectures. “It’s the panic that’s gonna kill you or get you seriously hurt, Annie.” I take a deep breath, trying to bring my breathing under control. Whoever is following us is after Christian. As I take another deep steadying breath, my mind
begins to clear and my stomach settles. I have to keep Christian safe. I wanted to drive this car, and I wanted to drive it fast. Well, here’s my chance. I grip the steering wheel and take a final glance in my rearview mirror. The Dodge is closing on us. I slow right down, ignoring Christian’s sudden panicked glance at me, and time my entrance on to the 520 so that the Dodge has to slow and stop to wait for a gap in the traffic. I drop a gear and floor it. The R8 shoots forward, slamming us both into the backs of our seats. The speedometer whips up to seventy-five miles per hour. “Steady, baby,” Christian says calmly, though I’m sure he’s anything but calm. I weave between the two lines of traffic like a black counter in a game of checkers, effectively jumping the cars and trucks. We’re so close to the lake on this bridge, it’s as if we’re driving on the water. I studiously ignore the angry, disapproving looks from other drivers. Christian clutches his hands together in his lap, keeping as still as possible, and in spite of my fevered thoughts, I wonder vaguely if he’s doing it so he doesn’t distract me. “Good girl,” he breathes in encouragement. He glances behind him. “I can’t see the Dodge.” “We’re right behind the unsub, Mr. Grey.” Sawyer’s voice comes through the hands-free. “He’s trying to catch up with you, sir. We’re going to try and come alongside, put ourselves between your car and the Dodge.” Unsub? What does that mean? “Good. Mrs. Grey is doing well. At this rate, provided the traffic remains light—and from what I can see it is—we’ll be off the bridge in a few minutes.” “Sir.” We flash past the bridge control tower, and I know we’re half way across Lake Washington. When I check my speed, I’m still doing seventy-five. “You’re doing really well, Ana,” Christian murmurs again as he gazes out the back of the R8. For a fleeting moment, his tone reminds me of our first encounter in his playroom when he patiently encouraged me through our first scene. The thought is distracting, and I dismiss it immediately. “Where am I headed?” I ask, moderately calmer. I have the feel of the car now. It’s a joy to drive, so quiet and easy to handle it’s hard to believe how fast we are going. Driving at this speed in this car is easy. “Mrs. Grey, head for I-5 and then south. We want to see if the Dodge follows you all the way,” Sawyer says over the hands-free. The traffic lights on the bridge are green—thank heavens—and I race onward.
I glance nervously at Christian, and he smiles reassuringly. Then his face falls. “Shit!” he swears softly. There is a line of traffic ahead as we come off the bridge and I have to slow. Glancing anxiously in the mirror once more, I think I spot the Dodge. “Ten or so cars back?” “Yeah, I see it,” Christian says, peering through the narrow rear window. “I wonder who the fuck it is?” “Me too. Do we know if it’s a man driving?” I blurt out toward the cradled BlackBerry. “No, Mrs. Grey. Could be a man or woman. The tint is too dark.” “A woman?” Christian says. I shrug. “Your Mrs. Robinson?” I suggest, not taking my eyes off the road. Christian stiffens and lifts the BlackBerry out of its cradle. “She’s not my Mrs. Robinson,” he growls. “I haven’t spoken to her since my birthday. And Elena wouldn’t do this. It’s not her style.” “Leila?” “She’s in Connecticut with her parents. I told you.” “Are you sure?” He pauses. “No. But if she’d absconded, I’m sure her folks would have let Flynn know. Let’s discuss this when we’re home. Concentrate on what you’re doing.” “But it might just be some random car.” “I’m not taking any risks. Not where you’re concerned,” he snaps. He replaces the BlackBerry in its cradle so we’re back in contact with our security team . Oh shit. I don’t want to rattle Christian right now . . . later maybe. I hold my tongue. Fortunately, the traffic is thinning a little. I am able to speed over the Mountlake intersection toward the I-5, weaving through the cars again. “What if we get stopped by the cops?” I ask. “That would be a good thing.”
“Not for my license.” “Don’t worry about that,” he says. Unexpectedly, I hear humor in his voice. I put my foot down again, and hit seventy-five. Boy, this car can move. I love it—she’s so easy. I touch eighty-five. I don’t think I have ever driven this fast. I was lucky if my Beetle ever hit fifty miles an hour. “He’s cleared the traffic and picked up speed.” Sawyer’s disembodied voice is calm and informative. “He’s doing ninety.” Shit! Faster! I press down on the gas and the car purrs to ninety-five miles per hour as we approach the I-5 intersection. “Keep it up, Ana,” Christian murmurs. I slow momentarily as we glide onto the I-5. The interstate is fairly quiet, and I’m able to cross straight over to the fast lane in a split second. As I put my foot down, the glorious R8 zooms forward, and we tear down the left lane, lesser mortals pulling over to let us pass. If I wasn’t so frightened, I might really enjoy this. “He’s hit one hundred miles per hour, sir.” “Stay with him, Luke,” Christian barks at Sawyer. Luke? A truck lurches into the fast lane— Shit! —and I have to slam on the brakes. “Fucking idiot!” Christian curses the driver as we lurch forward in our seats. I am grateful for our seatbelts. “Go around him, baby,” Christian says through clenched teeth. I check my mirrors and cut right across three lanes. We speed past the slower vehicles and then cut back to the fast lane. “Nice move, Mrs. Grey,” Christian murmurs appreciatively. “Where are the cops when you need them?” “I don’t want a ticket, Christian,” I mutter, concentrating on the highway ahead. “Have you had a speeding ticket driving this?” “No,” he says, but glancing quickly at him, I can see his smirk. “Have you been stopped?” “Yes.”
“Oh.” “Charm, Mrs. Grey. It all comes down to charm. Now concentrate. Where’s the Dodge, Sawyer?” “He’s just hit one hundred and ten, sir.” Sawyer says. Holy fuck! My heart leaps once more into my mouth. Can I drive any faster? I push my foot down once more and streak past the traffic. “Flash the headlights,” Christian orders when a Ford Mustang won’t move. “But that would make me an asshole.” “So be an asshole!” he snaps. Jeez. Okay! “Um, where are the headlights?” “The indicator. Pull it toward you.” I do it, and the Mustang moves aside though not before the driver waves his finger at me in a none-too- complimentary manner. I zoom past him. “He’s the asshole,” Christian says under his breath, then barks at me, “get off on Stewart.” Yes sir! “We’re taking the Stewart St. exit,” Christian says to Sawyer. “Head straight to Escala, sir.” I slow, check my mirrors, signal, then move with surprising ease across four lanes of the highway and down the off-ramp. Merging onto Stewart Street, we head south. The street is quiet, with few vehicles. Where is everyone? “We’ve been damned lucky with the traffic. But that means the Dodge has, too. Don’t slow down, Ana. Get us home.” “I can’t remember the way,” I mutter, panicked by the fact the Dodge is still on our tail. “Head south on Stewart. Keep going until I tell you when.” Christian sounds anxious again. I zoom past three blocks but the lights change to yellow on Yale Avenue. “Run them, Ana,” Christian shouts. I jump so hard I floor the gas pedal, throwing us both back in our seats, speeding through the now red light.
“He’s taking Stewart,” Sawyer says. “Stay with him, Luke.” “Luke?” “That’s his name.” A quick glance and I can see Christian glaring at me as if I’m crazy. “Eyes on the road!” he snaps. I ignore his tone. “Luke Sawyer.” “Yes!” He sounds exasperated. “Ah.” How did I not know this? The man has been following me to work for the last six weeks, and I didn’t even know his first name. “That’s me, ma’am,” Sawyer says, startling me, though he’s speaking in the calm, monotone voice he always uses. “The unsub is heading down Stewart, sir. He’s really picking up speed.” “Go, Ana. Less of the fucking chitchat,” Christian growls. “We’re stopped at the first light on Stewart.” Sawyer informs us. “Ana—quick—in here,” Christian shouts, pointing to a parking lot on the south side of Boren Avenue. I turn, the tires screeching in protest as I swerve into the crowded lot. “Drive around. Quick,” Christian orders. I drive as fast as I can to the back, out of sight of the street. “In there.” Christian points to a space. Shit! He wants me to park it. Crap! “Just fucking do it,” he says. So I do . . . perfectly. Probably the only time I have ever parked perfectly. “We’re hidden in the parking lot between Stewart and Boren,” Christian says into the BlackBerry. “Okay, sir.” Sawyer sounds irritated. “Stay where you are; we’ll follow the unsub.” Christian turns to me, his eyes searching my face. “You okay?” “Sure,” I whisper. Christian smirks. “Whoever’s driving that Dodge can’t hear us, you know.” And I laugh. “We’re passing Stewart and Boren now, sir. I see the lot. He’s gone straight past you, sir.”
Both of us sag simultaneously with relief. “Well done, Mrs. Grey. Good driving.” Christian gently strokes my face with his fingertips, and I jump at the contact, inhaling deeply. I had no idea I was holding my breath. “Does this mean you’ll stop complaining about my driving?” I ask. He laughs—a loud cathartic laugh. “I wouldn’t go so far as to say that.” “Thank you for letting me drive your car. Under such exciting circumstances, too.” I try desperately to keep my voice light. “Maybe I should drive now.” “To be honest, I don’t think I can climb out right now to let you sit here. My legs feel like Jell-O.” Suddenly I’m shuddering and shaking. “It’s the adrenaline, baby,” he says. “You did amazingly well, as usual. You blow me away, Ana. You never let me down.” He touches my cheek tenderly with the back of his hand, his face full of love, fear, regret—so many emotions at once—and his words are my undoing. Overwhelmed, a strangled sob escapes from my constricted throat, and I start to cry. “No, baby, no. Please don’t cry.” He reaches over and, in spite of the limited space we have, pulls me over the handbrake console to cradle me in his lap. Smoothing my hair off my face, he kisses my eyes, then my cheeks, and I curl my arms around him and sob quietly into his neck. He buries his nose in my hair and wraps me in his arms, holding me tight and we sit, neither of us saying anything, just holding each other. Sawyer’s voice startles us. “The unsub has slowed outside Escala. He’s casing the joint.” “Follow him,” Christian snaps. I wipe my nose on the back of my hand and take a deep steadying breath. “Use my shirt.” Christian kisses my temple. “Sorry,” I mutter, embarrassed by my crying. “What for? Don’t be.” I wipe my nose again. He tips my chin up and plants a gentle kiss on my lips. “Your lips are so soft when you cry, my beautiful, brave girl,” he whispers.
“Kiss me again.” Christian stills, one hand on my back, the other on my behind. “Kiss me,” I breathe, and I watch his lips part as he inhales sharply. Leaning across me, he takes the BlackBerry out of its cradle, and tosses it onto the driver’s seat beside my sandaled feet. Then his mouth is on me as he moves his right hand into my hair, holding me in place, and lifts his left to cradle my face. His tongue invades my mouth, and I welcome it. Adrenaline turns to lust streaking through my body. I clasp his face, running my fingers over his sideburns, relishing the taste of him. He groans at my fevered response, low and deep in his throat, and my belly tightens swift and hard with carnal desire. His hand moves down my body, brushing my breast, my waist, and down to my backside. I shift fractionally. “Ah!” he says and breaks away from me, breathless. “What?” I mutter against his lips. “Ana, we’re in a car lot in Seattle.” “So?” “Well, right now I want to fuck you, and you’re shifting around on me . . . it’s uncomfortable.” My craving spirals out of control at his words, tightening all my muscles below my waist once more. “Fuck me then.” I kiss the corner of his mouth. I want him. Now. That car chase was exciting. Too exciting. Terrifying . . . and the fear has jump-started my libido. He leans back to gaze at me, his eyes dark and hooded. “Here?” His voice is husky. My mouth goes dry. How can he turn me on with one word? “Yes. I want you. Now.” He tilts his head to one side and stares at me for a few moments. “Mrs. Grey, how very brazen,” he whispers, after what feels like an eternity. His hand tightens around my hair at my nape, holding me firmly in place, and his mouth is on mine again, more forcefully this time. His other hand skims down my body, down over my behind and lower still to my mid-thigh. My fingers curl into his overlong hair. “I’m so glad you’re wearing a skirt,” he murmurs as he slips his hand beneath my blue and white patterned skirt to caress my thigh. I squirm once more on his lap and the air hisses between his teeth.
“Keep still,” he growls. He cups my sex with his hand, and I still immediately. His thumb brushes over my clitoris and my breath catches in my throat as pleasure jolts like electricity deep, deep, deep inside me. “Still,” he whispers. He kisses me once more as his thumb circles gently around me through the sheer fine lace of my designer underwear. Slowly he eases two fingers passed my panties and inside me. I groan and flex my hips toward his hand. “Please,” I whisper. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. You’re so ready,” he says, sliding his fingers in and out, tortuously slowly. “Do car chases turn you on?” “You turn me on.” He smiles a wolfish grin and withdraws his fingers suddenly, leaving me wanting. He scoops his arm under my knees and, taking me by surprise, he lifts me and swings me around to face the windshield. “Place your legs either side of mine,” he orders, putting his legs together in the middle of the footwell. I do as I’m told, placing my feet on the floor on either side of his. He runs his hands down my thighs, then back, pulling up my skirt. “Hands on my knees, baby. Lean forward. Lift that glorious ass in the air. Mind your head.” Shit! We really are going to do this, in a public parking lot. I quickly scan the area in front of us and see no one—but feel a thrill coursing through me. I’m in a public lot! This is so hot! Christian shifts beneath me, and I hear the telltale sound of his zipper. Putting one arm around my waist and with his other hand tugging my lacy panties sideways, he impales me in one swift move. “Ah!” I cry out, grinding down on him, and his breath hisses through his teeth. His arm snakes around me up to my neck and he grasps me under my chin. His hand spreads across my neck, pulling me back and tilting my head to one side so he can kiss my throat. His other hand grips my hip and together we start to move. I push up with my feet, and he tilts himself into me—in and out. The sensation is . . . I groan loudly. It’s so deep this way. My left hand curls around the hand brake, my right hand braced against my door. His teeth graze my earlobe and he tugs—it’s almost painful. He bucks again and again into me. I rise and fall, and as we establish a rhythm, he moves his hand around beneath my skirt to the apex of my thighs, and his fingers gently tease my clitoris through the sheer finery of my
panties. “Ah!” “Be. Quick,” he breathes into my ear through gritted teeth, his hand still curled around my neck beneath my chin. “We need to do this quick, Ana.” And he increases the pressure of his fingers against my sex. “Ah!” I feel the familiar build of pleasure, bunching deep and thick inside me. “Come on, baby,” he rasps at my ear. “I want to hear you.” I moan again, and I am all sensation, my eyes tightly closed. His voice at my ear, his breath on my neck, pleasure radiating out from where his fingers tease my body and where he slams deep inside me— and I am lost. My body takes control, craving release. “Yes,” Christian hisses in my ear and I open my eyes briefly, staring wildly at the cloth roof of the R8, and I scrunch them closed again as I come around him. “Oh, Ana,” he murmurs in wonder, and he wraps his arms around me and rams into me one last time and stills as he climaxes deep inside. He runs his nose along my jaw and softly kisses my throat, my cheek, my temple as a lie on him, my head lolling against his neck. “Tension relieved, Mrs. Grey?” Christian closes his teeth around my earlobe again and tugs. My body is drained, totally exhausted, and I mewl. I feel his smile against me. “Certainly helped with mine,” he adds, shifting me off him. “Lost your voice?” “Yes,” I murmur. “Well aren’t you the wanton creature? I had no idea you were such an exhibitionist.” I sit up immediately, alarmed. He tenses. “No one’s watching are they?” I glance anxiously around the car lot. “Do you think I’d let anyone watch my wife come?” He strokes his hand down my back reassuringly, but the tone of his voice sends shivers down my spine. I turn to gaze at him and grin impishly. “Car sex!” I exclaim. He grins and tucks a strand of hair behind my ear. “Let’s head back. I’ll drive.” He opens the door to let me climb off his lap and out into the
parking lot. When I glance down he’s quickly doing up his fly. He follows me out and then holds the door open for me to climb back in. Strolling quickly around to the driver’s side, he climbs in beside me, retrieves the BlackBerry, and makes a call. “Where’s Sawyer?” he snaps. “And the Dodge? How come Sawyer’s not with you?” He listens intently to Ryan, I assume. “Her?” he gasps. “Stick with her.” Christian hangs up and gazes at me. Her! The driver of the car? Who could that be—Elena? Leila? “The driver of the Dodge is female?” “So it would appear,” he says quietly. His mouth presses into a thin angry line. “Let’s get you home,” he mutters. He starts up the R8 with a roar and reverses smoothly out of the space. “Where’s the, er . . . unsub? What does that mean by the way? Sounds very BDSM.” Christian smiles briefly as he eases the car out of the lot and back onto Stewart Street. “It stands for Unknown Subject. Ryan is ex-FBI.” “Ex-FBI?” “Don’t ask.” Christian shakes his head. It’s obvious he’s deep in contemplation. “Well, where is this female unsub?” “On the I-5, heading south.” He glances at me, his eyes grim. Jeez—from passionate to calm to anxious in the space of a few moments. I reach over and caress his thigh, running my fingers leisurely up the inside seam of his jeans, hoping to improve his mood. He takes his hand off the steering wheel and stops the slow ascent of my hand. “No,” he says. “We’ve made it this far. You don’t want me to have an accident three blocks from home.” He raises my hand to his lips and plants a cool kiss on my index finger to take the sting out of his rebuke. Cool, calm, authoritative . . . My Fifty. And for the first time in a while he makes me feel like a wayward child. I withdraw my hand and sit quietly for a moment. “Female?” “Apparently so.” He sighs, turns into the underground garage at
Escala, and punches the access code into the security keypad. The gate swings open and he drives on, smoothly parking the R8 in its designated space. “I really like this car,” I murmur. “Me too. And I like how you handled it—and how you managed not to break it.” “You can buy me one for my birthday,” I smirk at him. Christian’s mouth drops open as I climb out of the car. “A white one, I think,” I add, leaning down and smirking at him. He smiles. “Anastasia Grey, you never cease to amaze me.” I shut the door and walk to the end of the car to wait for him. Gracefully he climbs out, watching me with that look . . . that look that calls to something deep inside me. I know this look well. Once he’s in front of me, he leans down and whispers, “You like the car. I like the car. I’ve fucked you in it . . . perhaps I should fuck you on it.” I gasp. And a sleek silver BMW pulls into the garage. Christian glances at it anxiously, then with annoyance and smirks down at me. “But it looks like we have company. Come.” He grabs my hand and heads for the garage elevator. He pushes the call button and as we wait, the driver of the BMW joins us. He’s young, casually dressed, with long, layered, dark hair. He looks like he works in the media. “Hi,” he says, smiling warmly at us. Christian puts his arm around me and nods politely. “I’ve just moved in. Apartment sixteen.” “Hello.” I return his smile. He has kind, soft brown eyes. The elevator arrives and we all walk in. Christian glances down at me, his expression unreadable. “You’re Christian Grey,” the young man says. Christian gives him a tight smile. “Paul Harrison.” He holds out his hand. Reluctantly, Christian takes it. “Which floor?” Paul asks. “I have to input a code.” “Oh.” “Penthouse.” “Oh.” Paul smiles broadly. “Of course.” He presses the button for the eighth floor and the doors close. “Mrs. Grey, I presume.”
“Yes.” I give him a polite smile and we shake hands. Paul flushes a little as he gazes at me a fraction too long. Oh no. I mirror his flush and Christian’s arm tightens around me. “When did you move in?” I ask. “Last weekend. I love the place.” There’s an awkward pause before the elevator stops at Paul’s floor. “Great to meet you both,” he says sounding relieved and steps out. The doors close silently behind him. Christian taps in the entry code and the elevator ascends again. “He seemed nice,” I murmur. “I’ve never met any of the neighbors before.” Christian scowls. “I prefer it that way.” “That’s because you’re a hermit. I thought he was pleasant enough.” “A hermit?” “Hermit. Stuck in your ivory tower,” I state matter-of-factly. Christian’s lips twitch with amusement. “Our ivory tower. And I think you have another name to add to the list of your admirers, Mrs. Grey.” I roll my eyes. “Christian, you think everyone is an admirer.” “Did you just roll your eyes at me?” My pulse quickens. “I sure did,” I whisper, my breath catching in my throat. He cocks his head to one side, wearing his smoldering, arrogant, amused expression. “What shall we do about that?” “Something rough.” He blinks to hide his surprise. “Rough?” “Please.” “You want more?” I nod slowly. The doors to the elevator open and we’re home. “How rough?” he breathes, his eyes darkening.
I gaze at him, saying nothing. He closes his eyes for a moment, and then grabs my hand and hauls me into the foyer. When we burst through the double doors, Sawyer is standing in the hallway, looking expectantly at the two of us. “Sawyer, I’d like to be debriefed in an hour,” Christian says. “Yes, sir.” Turning, Sawyer heads back into Taylor’s office. We have an hour! Christian glances down at me. “Rough?” I nod. “Well, Mrs. Grey, you’re in luck. I’m taking requests today.” Chapter Six “Do you have anything in mind?” Christian murmurs, pinning me with his bold gaze. I shrug, suddenly breathless and agitated. I don’t know if it’s the chase, the adrenaline, my earlier bad mood—I don’t understand, but I want this, and I want it badly. A puzzled expression flits across Christian’s face. “Kinky fuckery?” he asks, his words a soft caress. I nod, feeling my face flame. Why am I embarrassed by this? I have done all manner of kinky fuckery with this man. He’s my husband, damn it! Am I embarrassed because I want this and I’m ashamed to admit it? My subconscious glares at me. Stop overthinking. “Carte blanche?” He whispers the question, eyeing me speculatively as if he’s trying to read my mind. Carte blanche? Holy fuck—what will that entail? “Yes,” I murmur nervously, as excitement blooms deep inside me. He smiles a slow sexy smile. “Come,” he says and tugs me toward the stairs. His intention is clear. Playroom! My inner goddess wakes from her post-R8-sex slumber, wide-eyed and raring to go.
At the top of the stairs, he releases my hand and unlocks the playroom door. The key is on the Yes Seattle keychain that I gave him not so long ago. “After you, Mrs. Grey,” he says and swings the door open. The playroom smells reassuringly familiar, of leather and wood and fresh polish. I blush, knowing that Mrs. Jones must have been in here cleaning while we were away on our honeymoon. As we enter, Christian switches on the lights and the dark red walls are illuminated with soft, diffused light. I stand gazing at him, anticipation running thick and heavy through my veins. What is he going to do to me? He locks the door and turns. Inclining his head to one side, he regards me thoughtfully and then shakes his head, amused. “What do you want, Anastasia?” he asks gently. “You.” My response is breathy. He smirks. “You’ve got me. You’ve had me since you fell into my office.” “Surprise me then, Mr. Grey.” His mouth twists with repressed humor and carnal promise. “As you wish, Mrs. Grey.” He folds his arms and raises one long index finger to his lips while he appraises me. “I think we’ll start by ridding you of your clothes.” He steps forward. Grasping the front of my short denim jacket, he opens it and pushes it over my shoulders so it falls to the floor. He clasps the hem of my black camisole. “Lift your arms.” I obey, and he peels it off over my head. Leaning down, he plants a soft kiss on my lips, his eyes glowing with an alluring mix of lust and love. The camisole joins my jacket on the floor. “Here,” I whisper gazing nervously at him as I remove the hair tie from around my wrist and hold it up for him. He stills, and his eyes widen momentarily but give nothing away. Finally, he takes the small band. “Turn around,” he orders. Relieved, I smile to myself and oblige immediately. Looks like we’ve overcome that little hurdle. He gathers my hair and braids it quickly and efficiently before fastening it with the tie. He tugs the braid, pulling my head back. “Good thinking, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers in my ear, then nips my earlobe. “Now turn around and take your skirt off. Let it fall to the floor.” He releases me and steps back as I turn to face him. Not taking my
eyes off his, I unbutton the waistband of my skirt and ease the zipper down. The full skirt fans out and falls to the floor, pooling at my feet. “Step out from your skirt,” he orders. As I step toward him, he kneels swiftly down in front of me and grasps my right ankle. Deftly, he unbuckles my sandals one at a time while I lean forward, balancing myself with a hand on the wall under the pegs that used to hold all his whips, crops and paddles. The flogger and the riding crop are the only implements that remain. I eye them with curiosity. Will he use those? Having removed my shoes so I’m just in my lacy bra and panties, Christian sits back on his heels, gazing up at me. “You’re a fine sight, Mrs. Grey.” Suddenly he kneels up, grabs my hips and pulls me forward, burying his nose in the apex of my thighs. “And you smell of you and me and sex,” he says inhaling sharply. “It’s intoxicating.” He kisses me through my lace panties, while I gasp at his words—my insides liquefying. He’s just so . . . naughty. Gathering up my clothes and sandals, he stands in one swift, graceful move, like an athlete. “Go and stand beside the table,” he says calmly, pointing with his chin. Turning, he strides over to the museum chest of wonder. What is he going to do to me? He glances back and smirks at me. “Face the wall,” he commands. “That way you won’t know what I’m planning. We aim to please, Mrs. Grey, and you wanted a surprise.” I turn away from him listening acutely—my ears suddenly sensitive to the slightest sound. He’s good at this—building my expectations, stoking my desire . . . making me wait. I hear him put my shoes down and, I think, my clothes on the chest, followed by the telltale clatter of his shoes as they drop to the floor, one at a time. Hmmm . . . love barefoot Christian. A moment later, I hear him pull open a drawer. Toys! What the hell is he going to do? Oh, I love, love, love this anticipation. The drawer closes and my breathing spikes. How can the sound of a drawer render me a quivering mess? It makes no sense. The subtle hiss of the sound system coming to life tells me it’s going to be a musical interlude. A lone piano starts, muted and soft, and mournful chords fill the room. It’s not a tune I know. The piano is joined by an electric guitar. What is this? A man’s voice speaks and I can just make out the words, something about not being frightened of dying. What is this? Christian pads leisurely toward me, his bare feet slapping on the wooden floor. I sense him behind me as a woman starts to sing . . . wail . . . sing? “Rough, you say, Mrs. Grey?” he breathes in my left ear. “Hmm.” “You must tell me to stop if it’s too much. If you say stop, I will stop immediately. Do you understand?”
“Yes.” “I need your promise.” I inhale sharply. Shit, what is he going to do? “I promise,” I murmur breathless, recalling his words from earlier: I don’t want to hurt you, but I’m more than happy to play. “Good girl.” Leaning down, he plants a kiss on my naked shoulder then hooks a finger beneath my bra strap and traces a line across my back beneath the strap. I want to moan. How does he make the slightest touch so erotic? “Take it off,” he whispers at my ear, and hurriedly I oblige and let my bra fall to the floor. His hands skim down my back, and he hooks both of his thumbs into my panties and slides them down my legs. “Step,” he orders. Once more I do as I’m told, stepping out of my panties. He plants a kiss on my backside and stands. “I am going to blindfold you so that everything will be more intense.” He slips an airline eye mask over my eyes, and my world is plunged into the darkness. The woman singing moans incoherently . . . a haunting, heartfelt melody. “Bend down and lie flat on the table.” His words are softly spoken. “Now.” Without hesitation, I bend over the side of the table and rest my torso on the highly polished wood, my face flush against the hard surface. It’s cool against my skin and it smells vaguely of beeswax with a citrus tang. “Stretch your arms up and hold on to the edge.” Okay . . . Reaching forward, I clutch the far edge of the table. It’s quite wide, so my arms are fully extended. “If you let go, I will spank you. Do you understand?” “Yes.” “Do you want me to spank you, Anastasia?”
Everything south of my waist tightens deliciously. I realize I’ve wanted this since he threatened me during lunch, and neither the car chase nor our subsequent intimate encounter has sated this need. “Yes.” My voice is a hoarse whisper. “Why?” Oh . . . do I have to have a reason? Jeez. I shrug. “Tell me,” he coaxes. “Um . . .” And from out of nowhere he smacks me hard. “Ah!” I cry out. “Hush now.” He gently rubs my behind where he’s hit me. Then he leans over me, his hips digging into my backside, plants a kiss between my shoulder blades and trails kisses across my back. He’s taken his shirt off, so his chest hair tickles my back, and his erection presses against me through the rough fabric of his jeans. “Open your legs,” he orders. I move my legs apart. “Wider.” I groan and spread my legs wider. “Good girl,” he breathes. He traces his finger down my back, along the crack between my buttocks, and over my anus, which shrink at his touch. “We’re going to have with some fun with this,” he whispers. What? Fuck! His finger continues down over my perineum and slowly slides into me. “I see you’re very wet, Anastasia. From earlier or from now?” I groan and he eases his finger in and out of me, over and over. I push back on his hand, relishing the intrusion. “Oh, Ana, I think it’s both. I think you love being here, like this. Mine.”
I do—oh, I do. He withdraws his finger and smacks me hard once more. “Tell me,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and urgent. “Yes, I do,” I whimper. He smacks me hard once more so I cry out, then sticks two fingers inside me. He withdraws them immediately, spreading the moisture up over and around my anus. “What are you going to do?” I ask, breathless. Oh my . . . is he going to fuck my ass? “It’s not what you think,” he murmurs reassuringly. “I told you, one step at time with this, baby.” I hear the quiet spurt of some liquid, presumably from a tube, then his fingers are massaging me there again. Lubricating me. . . there! I squirm as my fear collides with my excitement of the unknown. He smacks me once more, lower, so he hits my sex. I groan. It feels . . . so good. “Keep still,” he says. “And don’t let go.” “Ah.” “This is lube.” He spreads some more on me. I try not to wriggle beneath him, but my heart is pounding, my pulse haywire, as desire and anxiety pump through me. “I have wanted to do this to you for some time now, Ana.” I groan. And I feel something cool, metallically cool, run down my spine. “I have a small present for you here,” Christian whispers. What is it? An image from our show-and-tell springs to mind. Holy cow. A butt plug. Christian runs it down the parting between my buttocks. Oh my. “I am going to push this inside you, very slowly.” I gasp, anticipation and anxiety charging through me. “Will it hurt?” “No, baby. It’s small. Once it’s inside you, I’m going to fuck you real hard.” I practically convulse. Bending over me, he kisses me once more between my shoulder blades. “Ready?” he whispers.
Ready? Am I ready for this? “Yes,” I mutter quietly, my mouth dry. He runs another finger down past my ass and perineum and slips it inside me. Fuck, it’s his thumb. He cups my sex and his fingers gently caress my clitoris. I moan . . . it feels. . . good. And gently, while his fingers and thumb work their magic, he pushes the cold plug slowly into me. “Ah!” I groan loudly at the unfamiliar sensation, my muscles protesting at the intrusion. He circles his thumb inside me and pushes the plug harder, and it slips in easily, and I don’t know if it’s because I’m so turned on or if he’s distracted me with his expert fingers, but my body seems to accept it. It’s heavy . . . and strange . . . there! “Oh, baby.” And I can feel it . . . where his thumb swirls inside me . . . and the plug presses against . . . oh, ah . . . He slowly twists the plug, eliciting a long drawn-out moan from me. “Christian,” I mumble, his name a garbled mantra, as I adjust to the sensation. “Good girl,” he murmurs. He runs his free hand down my side until it reaches my hip. Slowly he withdraws his thumb and I hear the telltale sound of his zipper opening. Grasping my other hip, he pulls me back and parts my legs further, his foot pushing against mine. “Don’t let go of the table, Ana,” he warns. “No,” I gasp. “Something rough? Tell me if I’m too rough. Understand?” “Yes,” I whisper, and he slams into me and pulls me onto him at the same time, jolting the plug forward, deeper . . . “Fuck!” I cry out. He stills, his breathing harsher and my panting matches his. I try to assimilate all the sensations: the delicious fullness, the tantalizing feeling that I am doing something forbidden, the erotic pleasure that spirals outward from deep within me. He pulls gently on the plug. Oh jeez . . . I moan, and I hear his sharp intake of breath—a gasp of pure, unadulterated pleasure. It heats my blood. Have I ever felt so wanton . . . so— “Again?” he whispers. “Yes.”
“Stay flat,” he orders. He eases out of me and rams into me again. Oh . . . I wanted this. “Yes,” I hiss. And he picks up the pace, his breathing more labored, matching my own as he thrashes into me. “Oh, Ana,” he gasps. He moves one of his hands from my hips and twists the plug again, tugging it slowly, pulling it out and pushing it back in. The feeling is indescribable and I think I’m going to pass out on the table. He never misses a beat as he takes me, again and again, moving strong and hard inside me, my insides tightening and quivering. “Oh fuck,” I moan. This is going to rip me apart. “Yes, baby,” he hisses. “Please,” I beg him and I don’t know what for—to stop, to never stop, to twist the plug again. My insides are tightening around him and the plug. “That’s right,” he breathes, and he slaps me hard on my right buttock, and I come—again and again, falling, falling, spinning, pulsing around and around—and Christian gently pulls the plug out. “Fuck! ” I scream and Christian grabs my hips and climaxes loudly, holding me still. The woman is still singing. Christian always puts songs on repeat in here. Strange. I am curled in his arms on his lap our legs tangled together, with my head resting against his chest. We’re on the floor of the playroom by the table. “Welcome back,” he says, peeling the blindfold off me. I blink as my eyes adjust to the muted light. Tipping my chin back, he plants a soft kiss on my lips, his eyes focused on and anxiously searching mine. I reach up to caress his face. He smiles. “Well, did I fulfill the brief?” he asks, amused. I frown. “Brief?” “You wanted rough,” he says gently. I grin, because I just can’t help it. “Yes. I think you did . . .” He raises his eyebrows and grins back at me. “I’m very glad to hear it Mrs. Grey. You look thoroughly well fucked and beautiful at this moment.” He caresses my face, his long fingers stroking my cheek. “I feel it,” I purr.
He reaches down and kisses me tenderly, his lips soft and warm and giving against mine. “You never disappoint.” He leans back to gaze down at me. “How do you feel?” His voice is soft with concern. “Good,” I murmur, feeling a flush creep across my face. “Thoroughly well fucked.” I smile shyly. “Why, Mrs. Grey, you have a dirty, dirty mouth.” Christian feigns an offended expression, but I can hear his amusement. “That’s because I’m married to a dirty, dirty boy, Mr. Grey.” He grins a ridiculously stupid grin and it’s infectious. “I’m glad you’re married to him.” He gently takes hold of my braid, lifts it to his lips, and kisses the end with reverence, his eyes glowing with love. Oh my . . . did I ever have a chance of resisting this man? I reach for his left hand and plant a kiss on his wedding ring, a plain platinum band matching my own. “Mine,” I whisper. “Yours,” he responds. He curls his arms around me and presses his nose into my hair. “Shall I run you a bath?” “Hmm. Only if you join me in it.” “Okay,” he says. He sets me onto my feet and stands up beside me. He’s still wearing his jeans. “Will you wear your . . . er . . . other jeans?” He frowns down at me. “Other jeans?” “The ones you used to wear in here.” “Those jeans?” he murmurs blinking with perplexed surprise. “You look very hot in them.” “Do I?” “Yeah . . . I mean, really hot.” He smiles, shyly. “Well for you, Mrs. Grey, maybe I will.” He bends to kiss me then grabs the small bowl on the table that contains the butt plug, the tube of lubricant, the blindfold, and my panties. “Who cleans these toys?” I ask as I follow him over to the chest. He frowns at me, as if not understanding the question. “Me. Mrs. Jones.”
“What?” He nods, amused and embarrassed, I think. He switches off the music. “Well—um . . .” “Your subs used to do it?” I finish his sentence. He gives me an apologetic shrug. “Here.” He hands me his shirt and I put it on, wrapping it around myself. His scent still clings to the linen, and my chagrin about butt plug washing is forgotten. He leaves the items on the chest. Taking my hand, he unlocks the playroom door then leads me out and downstairs. I follow him meekly. The anxiety, the bad mood, the thrill, fear, and excitement of the car chase have all gone. I’m relaxed— finally sated and calm. As we enter our bathroom, I yawn loudly and stretch . . . at ease with myself for a change. “What is it?” Christian asks as he turns on the faucet. I shake my head. “Tell me,” he asks softly. He spills jasmine bath oil into the running water, filling the room with its sweet, sensual scent. I flush. “I just feel better.” He smiles. “Yes, you’ve been in a strange mood today, Mrs. Grey.” Standing, he pulls me into his arms. “I know you’re worrying about these recent events. I’m sorry you’re caught up in them. I don’t know if it’s a vendetta, an ex-employee, or a business rival. If anything were to happen to you because of me—” His voice drops to a pained whisper. I curl my arms around him. “What if something happens to you, Christian?” I voice my fear. He gazes down at me. “We’ll figure this out. Now let’s get you out of this shirt and into this bath.” “Shouldn’t you talk to Sawyer?” “He can wait.” His mouth hardens, and I feel a sudden pang of pity for Sawyer. What’s he done to upset Christian? Christian helps me out of his shirt then frowns as I turn to him. My breasts still bear faded bruises from the love bites he gave me during our honeymoon, but I decide not to tease him about them. “I wonder if Ryan has caught up with the Dodge?” “We’ll see, after this bath. Get in.” He holds his hand out for me. I climb into the hot, fragrant water and sit tentatively. “Ow.” My ass is tender, and the hot water makes me wince.
“Easy, baby,” Christian warns, but as he says it, the uncomfortable sensation melts away. Christian strips and climbs in behind me, pulling me against his chest. I nestle between his legs, and we lie idle and content in the hot water. I run my fingers down his legs, and gathering my braid in one hand, he twirls it gently between his fingers. “We need to go over the plans for the new house. Later this evening?” “Sure.” That woman is coming back again. My subconscious gazes up from volume 3 of The Complete Works of Charles Dickens and glowers. I’m with my subconscious. I sigh. Unfortunately, Gia Matteo’s designs are breathtaking. “I must get my things ready for work,” I whisper. He stills. “You know you don’t have to go back to work,” he murmurs. Oh no . . . not this again. “Christian, we’ve been through this. Please don’t resurrect that argument.” He tugs my braid so my face tilts up and back. “Just saying . . .” He plants a soft kiss on my lips. I pull on sweat pants and a camisole and decide to fetch my clothes from the playroom. As I make my way across the hallway, I hear Christian’s raised voice from his study. I freeze. “Where the fuck were you?” Oh shit. He’s shouting at Sawyer. Cringing, I dash upstairs to the playroom. I really don’t want to hear what he has to say to him—I still find shouty Christian intimidating. Poor Sawyer. At least I get to shout back. I gather up my clothes and Christian’s shoes, then notice the small porcelain bowl with the butt plug still on top of the museum chest. Well . . . I suppose I should clean it. I add it to the pile and make my way back downstairs. I glance nervously through the great room, but all is quiet . . . thank heavens. Taylor will be back tomorrow evening, and Christian is generally calmer when he’s around. Taylor is spending some quality time today and tomorrow with his daughter. I wonder idly if I’ll ever get to meet her. Mrs. Jones comes out of the utility room. We startle each other. “Mrs. Grey—I didn’t see you there.” Oh, I’m Mrs. Grey now! “Hello, Mrs. Jones.”
“Welcome home and congratulations.” She beams at me. “Please call me Ana.” “Mrs. Grey, I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing that.” Oh! Why must everything change, just because I have a ring on my finger? “Would you like to run through the menus for the week?” she asks, looking at me expectantly. Menus? “Um . . .” This is not a question I have ever anticipated being asked. She smiles. “When I first worked for Mr. Grey, every Sunday evening I would run through the menus for the upcoming week with him and list anything he might need from the grocery store.” “I see.” “Shall I take those for you?” She holds out her hands for my clothes. “Oh . . . um. Actually I haven’t finished with these.” And they are hiding the bowl with the butt plug in! I blush crimson. It’s a wonder I can look Mrs. Jones in the face. She knows what we do—she cleans the room. Jeez, it’s just weird sharing my living space with staff who know everything. “When you’re ready, Mrs. Grey. I’d be more than happy to run through things with you.” “Thank you.” We are interrupted by an ashen-faced Sawyer who stalks out of Christian’s study and briskly crosses the great room. He gives us both a brief nod, not looking either of us in the eye, and slinks into Taylor’s study. I’m grateful for his intervention, as I don’t wish to discuss menus or butt plugs with Mrs. Jones right now. Offering her a brief smile, I scurry back to the bedroom. Will I ever get used to having domestic staff at my beck and call? I shake my head . . . one day, maybe. I dump Christian’s shoes on the floor and my clothes on the bed, and take the bowl with the butt plug into the bathroom. I eye it suspiciously. It looks innocuous enough, and surprisingly clean. I don’t want to dwell on that, and I wash it quickly with soap and water. Will that be enough? I’ll have to ask Mr. Sexpert if it should be sterilized or something. I shudder at the thought.
I like that Christian has turned the library over to me. It now houses an attractive white wooden desk I can work at. I take out my laptop and check my notes on the five manuscripts I read on honeymoon. Yep, I have everything I need. Part of me dreads going back to work, but I can never tell Christian that— he’d seize on the opportunity to make me quit. I remember Roach’s apoplectic reaction when I told him I was getting married and to whom, and how, shortly afterward, my position was confirmed. I realize now it was because I was marrying the boss. The thought is unwelcome. I am no longer acting commissioning editor—I am Anastasia Steele, Commissioning Editor. I haven’t yet plucked up the courage to tell Christian that I am not going to change my name at work. I think my reasons are solid—I need some distance from him—but I know there will be a fight when he finally realizes that. Perhaps I should discuss this with him tonight. Sitting back in my chair, I start my final chore of the day. I glance at the digital clock on my laptop, which tells me it’s seven in the evening. Christian still hasn’t emerged from his study, so I have time. Taking the memory card out of the Nikon camera I load it into the laptop to transfer the photographs. As the pictures upload, I reflect on the day. Is Ryan back? Or is he still on his way to Portland? Has he caught up with the mystery woman? Has Christian heard from him? I want some answers. I don’t care that he’s busy; I want to know what’s going on, and I suddenly feel a tad resentful that he’s keeping me in the dark. I rise, intending to go and confront him in his study, but as I do the photos from the last few days of our honeymoon pop up onscreen. Holy crap! Picture after picture of me. Asleep, so many of me asleep, my hair over my face or fanned out across the pillow, lips parted . . . shit— sucking my thumb. I haven’t sucked my thumb for years! So many photos . . . I had no idea he’d taken these. There are a few candid long shots, including one of me leaning over the rail of the yacht, staring moodily into the distance. How did I not notice him taking this? I smile at the photos of me curled up beneath him and laughing—my hair flying as I struggle, fighting his tickling, tormenting fingers. And there’s the one of him and me on the bed in the master cabin that he took at arm’s length. I am cuddled on his chest and he gazes at the camera, young, wide-eyed . . . in love. His other hand cups my head, and I am smiling like a love-struck fool, but I cannot take my eyes off Christian. Oh, my beautiful man, his ruffled just-fucked hair, his gray eyes glowing, his lips parted and smiling. My beautiful man who cannot bear to be tickled, who could not bear to be touched just a short while ago, yet now he tolerates my touch. I must ask him if he likes it, or whether he lets me touch him for my pleasure rather than his. I frown, gazing down at his image, suddenly overwhelmed by my feelings for him. Someone out there wants to harm him—first Charlie Tango, then the fire at GEH, and that damned car chase. I gasp, putting my hand to my mouth as an involuntary sob escapes. Abandoning my computer, I leap up to find him— not to confront him now—just to check that he’s safe. Not bothering to knock, I barge into his study. Christian is sitting at his desk and talking on the phone. He looks up in surprised annoyance, but the irritation on his face disappears when he sees it’s me.
“So you can’t enhance it further?” he says, continuing his phone conversation, though he doesn’t take his eyes off me. Without hesitation, I walk around his desk, and he turns in his chair to face me, frowning. I can tell he’s thinking what does she want? When I crawl onto his lap, his eyebrows shoot up in surprise. I put my arms around his neck and cuddle into him. Gingerly, he puts his arm around me. “Um . . . yes, Barney. Could you hold one moment?” He cups the phone against his shoulder. “Ana, what’s wrong?” I shake my head. Tipping my chin up, he gazes into my eyes. I pull my head free from his hold, tuck it beneath his chin, and curl up smaller on his lap. Bemused, he wraps his free arm more tightly around me and kisses the top of my head. “Okay, Barney, what were you saying?” He continues, wedging the phone between his ear and his shoulder, and taps a key on his laptop. A grainy black and white CCTV image appears on the screen . . . a man with dark hair wearing pale coveralls comes on the screen. Christian presses another key, and the man walks toward the camera, but with his head bowed. When the man is closer to the camera, Christian freezes the frame. He’s standing in a bright white room with what looks like a long line of tall black cabinets to his left. This must be GEH’s server room. “Okay Barney, one more time.” The screen springs to life. A box appears around the head of the man in the CCTV footage and suddenly we zoom in. I sit up, fascinated. “Is Barney doing this?” I ask quietly. “Yes,” Christian answers. “Can you sharpen the picture at all?” he says to Barney. The picture blurs, then refocuses moderately sharper of the man consciously gazing down and avoiding the CCTV camera. As I stare at him, a chill of recognition sweeps up my spine. There is something familiar in the line of his jaw. He has scruffy short black hair that looks odd and unkempt . . . and in the newly sharpened picture, I see an earring, a small hoop. Holy crap! I know who it is. “Christian,” I whisper. “That’s Jack Hyde.” Chapter Seven
“You think?” Christian asks, surprised. “It’s the line of his jaw.” I point at the screen. “And the earrings and the shape of his shoulders. He’s the right build, too. He must be wearing a wig—or he’s cut and dyed his hair.” “Barney, are you getting this?” Christian puts the phone down on his desk and switches to hands-free. “You seem to have studied your ex-boss in some detail, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs, sounding none too pleased. I scowl at him, but I’m saved by Barney. “Yes, sir. I heard Mrs. Grey. I’m running face recognition software on all the digitized CCTV footage right now. See where else this asshole—I’m sorry ma’am—this man has been within the organization.” I glance anxiously at Christian, who ignores Barney’s expletive. He’s studying the CCTV picture closely. “Why would he do this?” I ask Christian. He shrugs. “Revenge, perhaps. I don’t know. You can’t fathom why some people behave the way they do. I’m just angry that you ever worked so closely with him.” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard, thin line and his arm encircles my waist protectively. “We have the contents of his hard drive, too, sir,” Barney adds. What? “Yes, I remember. Do you have an address for Mr. Hyde?” Christian says sharply. “Yes, sir, I do.” “Alert Welch.” “Sure will. I’m also going to scan the city CCTV and see if I can track his movements.” “Check what vehicle he owns.” “Sir.” “Barney can do all this?” I whisper. Christian nods and gives me a smug smile. “What was on his hard drive?” I whisper. Christian’s face hardens and he shakes his head. “Nothing much,”
he says, tight-lipped, his smile forgotten. “Tell me.” “No.” “Was it about you, or me?” “Me.” He sighs. “What sort of things? About your lifestyle?” Christian shakes his head and puts his index finger against my lips to silence me. I scowl at him. But he narrows his eyes, and it’s a clear warning that I should hold my tongue. “It’s a 2006 Camaro. I’ll send the license details to Welch, too,” Barney says excitedly from the phone. “Good. Let me know where else that fucker has been in my building. And check this image against the one from his SIP personnel file.” Christian gazes at me skeptically. “I want to be sure we have a match.” “Already done, sir, and Mrs. Grey is correct. This is Jack Hyde.” I grin. See? I can be useful. Christian rubs his hand down my back. “Well done, Mrs. Grey.” He smiles and his earlier rancor forgotten. To Barney he says, “Let me know when you’ve tracked all his movements at HQ. Also check out any other GEH property he may have had access to, and let the security teams know so they can make another sweep of all those buildings.” “Sir.” “Thanks, Barney.” Christian hangs up. “Well, Mrs. Grey, it seems that you are not only decorative, but useful, too.” Christian’s eyes light up with wicked amusement. I know he’s teasing. “Decorative?” I scoff, teasing him back. “Very,” he says quietly, pressing a soft, sweet kiss on my lips. “You’re much more decorative than I am, Mr. Grey.” He grins and kisses me more forcefully, winding my braid around his wrist and wrapping his arms around me. When we come up for air, we are both breathless. “Hungry?” he asks. “No.”
“I am.” “What for?” He blinks down at me. “Well—food actually, Mrs. Grey.” “I’ll make you something.” I giggle. “I love that sound.” “Of me offering you food?” “You giggling.” He kisses my hair then I stand. “So what would you like to eat, Sir?” I ask sweetly. He narrows his eyes. “Are you being cute, Mrs. Grey?” “Always, Mr. Grey . . . Sir.” He smiles a sphinxlike smile. “I can still put you over my knee,” he murmurs seductively. “I know.” I grin down at him. Placing my hands on the arms of his office chair, I lean down and kiss him. “That’s one of the things I love about you. But stow your twitching palm—you’re hungry.” He smiles his shy smile and my heart clenches. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, what am I going to do with you?” “You’re going to answer my question. What would you like to eat?” “Something light. Surprise me,” he says, mirroring my words from the playroom earlier. “I’ll see what I can do.” I sashay out of his study and into the kitchen. My heart sinks when I see Mrs. Jones is there. “Hello, Mrs. Jones.” “Mrs. Grey. Are you ready for something to eat?” “Um . . .” She is stirring something in a pot on the stove that smells delicious. “I was going to make subs for Mr. Grey and me.” She pauses for a heartbeat. “Sure,” she says. “Mr. Grey likes French bread—there is some in the freezer cut to sub length. I’d be happy to make it for you, ma’am.”
“I know. But I’d like to do this.” “I understand. I’ll give you some room.” “What are you cooking?” “This is a bolognaise sauce. It can be eaten anytime. I’ll freeze it.” She smiles warmly and turns the heat right down. “Um—so what does Christian like in a, um . . . sub?” I frown, struck by what I’ve just said. Does Mrs. Jones understand the inference? “Mrs. Grey, you could put just about anything in a sandwich, and as long as it’s in French bread, he’ll eat it.” We grin at each other. “Okay, thank you.” I skip to the fridge. In the freezer compartment I find the French bread cut to size in Ziplock bags. Taking out two, I place them on a plate, pop them into the microwave and set it to defrost. Mrs. Jones has disappeared. I frown as I return to the fridge to search for ingredients. I suppose it will be up to me to set the parameters by which Mrs. Jones and I will work together. I like the idea of cooking for Christian on the weekends. Mrs. Jones is more than welcome to do it during the week—the last thing I’ll want to do when I come home from work is cook. Hmm . . . a bit like Christian’s routine with his submissives. I shake my head. I mustn’t overthink this. I find some ham in the fridge, and in the crisper a perfectly ripe avocado. As I am adding a touch of salt and lemon to the mashed avocado, Christian emerges from his study with the plans for the new house in his hands. He puts them on the breakfast bar, saunters toward me, and wraps his arms around me, kissing my neck. “Barefoot and in the kitchen,” he murmurs. “Shouldn’t that be barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen?” I smirk. He stills, his whole body tensing against me. “Not yet,” he declares, apprehension clear in his voice. “No! Not yet!” He relaxes. “On that we can agree, Mrs. Grey.” “You do want kids though, don’t you?” “Sure, yes. Eventually. But I’m not ready to share you yet.” He kisses my neck again. Oh . . . share?
“What are you making? Looks good.” He kisses me behind my ear, and I know it’s to distract me. A delicious tingle travels down my spine. “Subs.” I smirk, recovering my sense of humor. He smiles against my neck and nips my earlobe. “My favorite.” I poke him with my elbow. “Mrs. Grey, you wound me.” He clutches his side as if in pain. “Wimp,” I mutter disapprovingly. “Wimp?” he utters in disbelief. He slaps my behind, making me yelp. “Hurry up with my food, wench. And later I’ll show you how wimpy I can be.” He slaps me playfully once more and goes to the fridge. “Would you like a glass of wine?” he asks. “Please.” Christian spreads Gia’s plans out over the breakfast bar. She really has some spectacular ideas. “I love her proposal to make the entire downstairs back wall glass, but . . .” “But?” Christian prompts. I sigh. “I don’t want to take all the character out of the house.” “Character?” “Yes. What Gia is proposing is quite radical, but . . . well . . . I fell in love with the house as it is . . . warts and all.” Christian’s brow furrows as if this is anathema to him. “I kind of like it the way it is,” I whisper. Is this going to make him mad? He regards me steadily. “I want this house to be the way you want. Whatever you want. It’s yours.” “I want you to like it, too. To be happy in it, too.” “I’ll be happy wherever you are. It’s that simple, Ana.” His gaze holds mine. He is utterly, utterly sincere. I blink at him as my heart expands. Holy cow, he really does love me.
“Well”—I swallow, fighting the small knot of emotion that catches in my throat—“I like the glass wall. Maybe we could ask her to incorporate it into the house a little more sympathetically.” Christian grins. “Sure. Whatever you want. What about the plans for upstairs and the basement?” “I’m cool with those.” “Good.” Okay . . . I steel myself to ask the million-dollar question. “Do you want to put in a playroom?” I feel the oh-so-familiar flush creep up my face as I ask. Christian’s eyebrows shoot up. “Do you?” he replies, surprised and amused at once. I shrug. “Um . . . if you want.” He regards me for a moment. “Let’s leave our options open for the moment. After all, this will be a family home.” I’m surprised by the stab of disappointment I feel. I guess he’s right . . . although when are we going to have a family? It could be years. “Besides, we can improvise.” He smirks. “I like improvising,” I whisper. He grins. “There’s something I want to discuss.” Christian points to the master bedroom, and we start a detailed discussion on bathrooms and separate walk-in closets. When we finish, it’s nine thirty in the evening. “Are you going back to work?” I ask as Christian rolls up the plans. “Not if you don’t want me to.” He smiles. “What would you like to do?” “We could watch TV.” I don’t want to read, and I don’t want to go to bed . . . yet. “Okay,” Christian agrees willingly, and I follow him into the TV room. We have sat here three, maybe four times total, and Christian usually reads a book. He’s not interested in television at all. I curl up beside him on the couch, tucking my legs beneath me and resting my head
against his shoulder. He switches on the flat screen with the remote and flicks mindlessly through the channels. “Any specific drivel you want to see?” “You don’t like TV much, do you?” I mutter sardonically. He shakes his head. “Waste of time. But I’ll watch something with you.” “I thought we could make out.” He whips his face to mine. “Make out?” He gazes at me as if I’ve grown two heads. He stops the endless flicking, leaving the TV on an over lit Spanish soap opera. “Yes.” Why is he so horrified? “We could go to bed and make out.” “We do that all the time. When was the last time you made out in front of the TV?” I ask, shy and teasing at the same time. He shrugs and shakes his head. Pressing the remote again he flicks through another few channels before settling on an old episode of The X-Files. “Christian?” “I’ve never done that,” he says quietly. Oh! “Never?” “No.” “Not even with Mrs. Robinson?” He snorts. “Baby, I did a lot of things with Mrs. Robinson. Making out was not one of them.” He smirks at me and then narrows his eyes with amused curiosity. “Have you?” I flush. “Of course.” Well kind of . . . “What! Who with?” Oh no. I do not want to have this discussion. “Tell me,” he persists. I gaze down at my knotted fingers. He gently covers my hands with one of his. When I glance up at him, he’s smiling at me.
“I want to know. So I can beat whoever it was to a pulp.” I giggle. “Well, the first time . . .” “The first time! There’s more than one fucker?” He growls. I giggle again. “Why so surprised, Mr. Grey?” He frowns briefly, runs a hand through his hair, and looks at me as if seeing me in a completely different light. He shrugs. “I just am. I mean—given your lack of experience.” I flush. “I’ve certainly made up for that since I met you.” “You have.” He grins. “Tell me. I want to know.” I gaze into patient gray eyes, trying to gauge his mood. Is this going to make him mad, or does he genuinely want to know? I don’t want him sulking . . . he’s impossible when he’s sulking. “You really want me to tell you?” He nods slowly once, and his lips twitch with an amused, arrogant smile. “I was briefly in Vegas with Mom and Husband Number Three. I was in tenth grade. His name was Bradley, and he was my lab partner in physics.” “How old were you?” “Fifteen.” “And what’s he doing now?” “I don’t know.” “What base did he get to?” “Christian!” I scold—and suddenly he grabs my knees, then my ankles, and tips me up so I fall back on to the couch. He slides smoothly on top of me, trapping me beneath him, one leg between mine. It’s so sudden that I cry out in surprise. He grabs my hands and raises them above my head. “So, this Bradley—did he get to first base?” he murmurs, running his nose down the length of mine. He plants soft kisses at the corner of my mouth. “Yes,” I murmur against his lips. He releases one of his hands so that he can clasp my chin and hold me still while his tongue invades my mouth, and I surrender to his ardent kissing.
“Like this?” Christian breathes when he comes up for air. “No . . . nothing like that,” I manage, as all the blood in my body heads south. Releasing my chin, he runs his hand down over my body and back up to my breast. “Did he do this? Touch you like this?” His thumb skims over my nipple, through my camisole, softly, repeatedly, and it hardens under his expert touch. “No.” I writhe beneath him. “Did he get to second base?” he murmurs in my ear. His hand moves down across my ribs, past my waist to my hip. He takes my earlobe between his teeth and gently tugs. “No,” I breathe. Mulder blurts from the television something about the FBI’s most unwanted. Christian pauses, leans up, and presses mute on the remote. He gazes down at me. “What about Joe Schmo number two? Did he make it past second base?” His eyes are smoldering hot . . . angry? Turned on? It’s difficult to say which. He shifts to my side and slides his hand beneath my sweatpants. “No . . . ,” I whisper gazing up at him, trapped in his carnal gaze. Christian smiles, wickedly. “Good.” His hand cups my sex. “No underwear, Mrs. Grey. I approve.” He kisses me again as his fingers weave more magic, his thumb skimming over my clitoris, tantalizing me, as he pushes his index finger inside me with exquisite slowness. “We’re supposed to be making out.” I groan. Christian stills. “I thought we were?” “No. No sex.” “What?” “No sex . . .” “No sex, huh?” He withdraws his hand from my sweatpants. “Here.” He traces my lips with his index finger, and I taste my slick saltiness. He pushes his finger into my mouth, mirroring what he was doing a moment earlier. Then shifts so he’s between my legs, and his
erection pushes against me. He thrusts, once, twice, and again. I gasp, as the material of my sweatpants rubs in just the right way. He pushes once more, grinding into me. “This what you want?” he murmurs and moves his hips rhythmically, rocking against me. “Yes.” I moan. His hand moves back to concentrate on my nipple once more and his teeth scrape along my jaw. “Do you know how hot you are, Ana?” His voice is hoarse as he rocks harder against me. I open my mouth to articulate a response and fail miserably, groaning loudly. He captures my mouth once more, tugging at my bottom lip with his teeth before plunging his tongue into my mouth again. He releases my other wrist and my hands travel greedily up his shoulders and into his hair as he kisses me. When I pull on his hair, he groans and raises his eyes to mine. “Ah . . .” “Do you like me touching you?” I whisper. His brow furrows briefly as if he doesn’t understand the question. He stops grinding against me. “Of course I do. I love you touching me, Ana. I’m like a starving man at a banquet when it comes to your touch.” His voice hums with passionate sincerity. Holy cow . . . He kneels between my legs and drags me up to haul off my top. I’m naked beneath. Grabbing the hem of his shirt, he yanks it over his head and tosses it on the floor, then pulls me onto his kneeling lap, his arms clasped just above my behind. “Touch me,” he breathes. Oh my . . . Tentatively I reach up and brush the tips of my fingers through the smattering of chest hair over his sternum, over his burn scars. He inhales sharply and his pupils dilate, but it’s not with fear. It’s a sensual response to my touch. He watches me intently as my fingers float delicately over his skin, first to one nipple and then the other. They pucker beneath my caress. Leaning forward, I plant soft kisses on his chest, and my hands move to his shoulders, feeling the hard, sculptured lines of sinew and muscle. Jeez . . . he’s in good shape.
“I want you,” he murmurs and it’s a green light to my libido. My fingers move into his hair, pulling his head back so I can claim his mouth, fire licking hot and high in my belly. He groans and pushes me back onto the couch. He sits up and rips off my sweatpants, undoing his fly at the same time. “Home run,” he whispers, and in one swift move he’s inside me. “Ah . . .” I groan and he stills, grabbing my face between his hands. “I love you, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and very slowly, very gently, he makes love to me . . . until I come apart at the seams, calling his name and wrapping myself around him, never wanting to let him go. I lay sprawled on his chest. We’re on the floor of the TV room. “You know, we completely bypassed third base.” My fingers trace the line of his pectoral muscles. He laughs. “Next time, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses the top of my head. I look up to stare at the TV screen where the end credits for The X- Files play. Christian reaches for the remote and switches the sound back on. “You liked that show?” I ask. “When I was a kid.” Oh . . . Christian as a kid . . . kickboxing and X Files and no touching. “You?” he asks. “Before my time.” Christian smiles fondly up at me. “You’re so young. I like making out with you, Mrs. Grey.” “Likewise, Mr. Grey.” I kiss his chest, and we lie silently watching as The X-Files finish and the commercials come on. “It’s been a heavenly three weeks. Car chases and fires and psycho ex-bosses notwithstanding. Like being in our own private bubble,” I mutter dreamily. “Hmm,” Christian hums deep in his throat. “I’m not sure I’m ready to share you with the rest of the world yet.” “Back to reality tomorrow,” I murmur, trying to keep the melancholy from my voice.
Christian sighs and runs the hand that is not holding me through his hair. “Security will be tight—” I put my finger over his lips. I don’t want to hear this lecture again. “I know. I’ll be good. I promise.” Which reminds me . . . I shift, propping myself up on my elbows to see him better. “Why were you shouting at Sawyer?” He stiffens immediately. Oh shit. “Because we were followed.” “That wasn’t Sawyer’s fault.” He gazes at me levelly. “They should never have let you get so far in front. They know that.” I flush guiltily and resume my position, resting on his chest. It was my fault. I wanted to get away from them. “That wasn’t—” “Enough!” Christian is suddenly curt. “This is not up for discussion, Anastasia. It’s a fact, and they won’t let it happen again.” Anastasia! I am Anastasia when I am in trouble just like at home with my mother. “Okay,” I mutter, placating him. I don’t want to fight. “Did Ryan catch up with the woman in the Dodge?” “No. And I’m not convinced it was a woman.” “Oh?” I look up again. “Sawyer saw someone with their hair tied back, but it was a brief look. He assumed it was a woman. Now, given that you’ve identified that fucker, maybe it was him. He wore his hair like that.” The disgust in Christian’s voice is palpable. I don’t know what to make of this news. Christian runs his hand down my naked back, distracting me. “If anything happened to you . . . ,” he murmurs, his eyes wide and serious. “I know,” I whisper. I feel the same about you.” I shiver at the thought. “Come. You’re getting cold,” he says, sitting up. “Let’s go to bed. We can cover third base there.” He smiles a lascivious smile, as mercurial as ever, passionate, angry, anxious, sexy—my Fifty Shades. I take
his hand and he pulls me to my feet, and without a stitch on, I follow him through the great room to the bedroom. The following morning, Christian squeezes my hand as we pull up outside SIP. He looks very much the powerful executive in his dark navy suit and matching tie, and I smile. He’s not been this smart since the ballet in Monaco. “You know you don’t have to do this?” Christian murmurs. I am tempted to roll my eyes at him. “I know,” I whisper, not wanting to be overheard by Sawyer and Ryan in the front of the Audi. He frowns and I smile. “But I want to,” I continue. “You know this.” I lean up and kiss him. His frown doesn’t disappear. “What’s wrong?” He glances uncertainly at Ryan as Sawyer climbs out of the car. “I’ll miss having you to myself.” I reach up to caress his face. “Me, too.” I kiss him. “It was a wonderful honeymoon. Thank you.” “Go to work, Mrs. Grey.” “You, too, Mr. Grey.” Sawyer opens the door. I squeeze Christian’s hand once more before I climb out onto the sidewalk. As I head into the building, I give him a little wave. Sawyer holds open the door and follows me in. “Hi, Ana.” Claire beams from behind the reception desk. “Claire, hello.” I smile back. “You look wonderful. Good honeymoon?” “The best, thank you. How’s it been here?” “Old man Roach is the same, but security has been stepped up and our server room is being overhauled. But Hannah will tell you.” Sure she will. I give Claire a friendly smile and head to my office. Hannah is my assistant. She is tall, slim, and ruthlessly efficient to the point that sometimes I find her a little intimidating. But she’s sweet to me, in spite of the fact that she’s a couple of years older. She has my latte waiting—the only coffee I let her get for me. “Hi, Hannah,” I say warmly.
“Ana, how was your honeymoon?” “Fantastic. Here—for you.” I pop the small bottle of perfume I bought for her onto her desk, and she claps her hands with glee. “Oh, thank you!” she says enthusiastically. “Your urgent correspondence is on your desk, and Roach would like to see you at ten. That’s all I have to report for now.” “Good. Thank you. And thanks for the coffee.” Wandering into my office, I rest my briefcase on my desk and gaze at the piled up letters. Jeez, I have a lot to do. Just before ten there’s a timid tap on my door. “Come in.” Elizabeth looks around the door. “Hi, Ana. I just wanted to say welcome back.” “Hey. I have to say, reading through all this correspondence, I wish I was back in the South of France.” Elizabeth laughs, but her laughter is off, forced, and I cock my head to one side and gaze at her like Christian does to me. “Glad you’re back safely,” she says. “I’ll see you in a few minutes, at the meeting with Roach.” “Okay,” I murmur, and she shuts the door behind her. I frown at the closed door. What was that about? I shrug it off. My e-mail pings—it’s a message from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Errant Wives Date: August 22, 2011 09:56  To: Anastasia Steele Wife I sent the e-mail below and it bounced.
And it’s because you haven’t changed your name. Something you want to tell me? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Attachment: From: Christian Grey FW Subject: Bubble Date: August 22, 2011 09:32  To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey Love covering all the bases with you. Have a great first day back. Miss our bubble already. x Christian Grey Back in the Real World CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Shit. I hit reply immediately. From: Anastasia Steele Subject: Don’t Burst the Bubble Date: August 22, 2011 09:58
To: Christian Grey Husband I am all for a baseball metaphor with you, Mr. Grey. I want to keep my name here. I’l explain this evening. I am going in to a meeting now. Miss our bubble, too . . . PS: Thought I had to use my Blackberry? Anastasia Steele Commissioning Editor, SIP This is going to be such a fight. I can feel it. Sighing, I gather up my papers for the meeting. The meeting lasts for two hours. All the commissioning editors are there, plus Roach and Elizabeth. We discuss personnel, strategy, marketing, security, and year-end. As the meeting progresses I grow more and more uncomfortable. There’s a subtle change in how my colleagues are treating me—a distance and deference that wasn’t there before I left for my honeymoon. And from Courtney, who heads up the non- fiction division, there’s downright hostility. Maybe I’m just being paranoid but it goes some way to explaining Elizabeth’s odd greeting this morning. My mind drifts back to the yacht, then to the playroom, then to the R8 speeding away from the mystery Dodge on I-5. Perhaps Christian’s right . . . perhaps I can’t do this anymore. The thought is depressing— this is all I’ve ever wanted to do. If I can’t do this, what will I do? As I walk back to my office, I try to dismiss these dark thoughts. When I sit down at my desk I quickly check my e-mails. Nothing from Christian. I check my BlackBerry . . . Still nothing. Good. At least there’s been no adverse reaction to my e-mail. Perhaps we’ll discuss this tonight as per my request. I find that hard to believe, but ignoring my uneasy feeling, I open the marketing plan I was given at the meeting.
As is our ritual on a Monday, Hannah comes into my office with a plate for my packed lunch courtesy of Mrs. Jones, and we sit and eat our lunches together, discussing what we want to achieve during the week. She brings me up to date with the office gossip, too, which— considering I’ve been away for three weeks—is pretty thin on the ground. As we’re chatting, there’s a knock on the door. “Come in.” Roach opens the door, and standing beside him is Christian. I’m momentarily struck dumb. Christian shoots me a blazing look and stalks in, before smiling politely at Hannah. “Hello, you must be Hannah. I’m Christian Grey,” he says. Hannah scrambles to her feet and holds out her hand. “Mr. Grey. H-how nice to meet you,” she stutters as they shake hands. “Can I fetch you a coffee?” “Please,” he says warmly. With a quick puzzled glance at me, she scuttles out of the office past Roach, who stands as dumbstruck as me on the threshold of my office. “If you’ll excuse me, Roach, I’d like a word with Ms. Steele.” Christian hisses the S sibilantly . . . sarcastically. This is why he’s here . . . Oh shit. “Of course, Mr. Grey. Ana,” Roach mutters, shutting the door to my office as he departs. I recover my power of speech. “Mr. Grey, how nice to see you.” I smile, far too sweetly. “Ms. Steele, may I sit down?” “It’s your company.” I wave at the chair Hannah vacated. “Yes, it is.” He smiles wolfishly at me, the smile not reaching his eyes. His tone is clipped. He’s bristling with tension—I can feel it all around me. Fuck. My heart sinks. “Your office is very small,” he says as he sits down facing my desk. “It suits me.” He regards me neutrally, but I know he’s mad. I take a deep breath. This is not going to be fun. “So what can I do for you, Christian?”
“I’m just looking over my assets.” “Your assets? All of them?” “All of them. Some of them need rebranding.” “Rebranding? In what way?” “I think you know.” His voice is menacingly quiet. “Please—don’t tell me you have interrupted your day after three weeks away to come over here and fight with me about my name.” I am not a freaking asset! He shifts and crosses his legs. “Not exactly fight. No.” “Christian, I’m working.” “Looked like you were gossiping with your assistant to me.” My cheeks heat. “We were going through our schedules,” I snap. “And you haven’t answered my question.” There’s a knock on the door. “Come in!” I shout, too loudly. Hannah opens the door and brings in a small tray. Milk jug, sugar bowl, coffee in a French press—she’s gone all out. She places the tray on my desk. “Thank you, Hannah,” I mutter, embarrassed that I have just shouted so loudly. “Do you need anything else, Mr. Grey?” she asks all breathless. I want to roll my eyes at her. “No, thank you. That’s all.” He smiles his dazzling, panty-dropping smile at her. She flushes and exits simpering. Christian turns his attention back to me. “Now, Ms. Steele, where were we?” “You were rudely interrupting my work day to fight with me about my name.” Christian blinks once—surprised, I think, by the vehemence in my voice. Deftly, he picks at an invisible piece of lint on his knee with long skilled fingers. It’s distracting. He’s doing it on purpose. I narrow my eyes at him. “I like to make the odd impromptu visit. It keeps management on their toes, wives in their place. You know.” He shrugs, his mouth set in an arrogant line. Wives in their place! “I had no idea you could spare the time,” I snap.
His eyes frost. “Why don’t you want to change your name here?” he asks, his voice deathly quiet. “Christian, do we have to discuss this now?” “I’m here. I don’t see why not.” “I have a ton of work to do, having been away for the last three weeks.” He gazes at me, his eyes cool and assessing—distant even. I marvel that he can appear so cold after last night, after the last three weeks. Shit. He must be so mad—really mad. When will he learn not to overreact? “Are you ashamed of me?” he asks, his voice deceptively soft. What? “No! Christian, of course not.” I scowl at him. “This is about me—not you.” Jeez, he’s exasperating sometimes. Silly overbearing megalomaniac. “How is this not about me?” He cocks his head to one side, genuinely perplexed, some of his detachment slipping as he stares at me with wide eyes, and I realize that he’s hurt. Holy fuck. I’ve hurt his feelings. Oh no . . . he’s the last person I want to hurt. I have to make him see my logic. I have to explain my reasoning for my decision. “Christian, when I took this job, I’d only just met you,” I say patiently, struggling to find the right words. “I didn’t know you were going to buy the company—” What can I say about that event in our brief history? His deranged reasons for doing so—his control freakery, his stalker tendencies gone mad, given completely free rein because he is so wealthy. I know he wants to keep me safe but it’s his ownership of SIP that is the fundamental problem here. If he’d never interfered, I could continue as normal and not have to face the disgruntled and whispered recriminations of my colleagues. I put my head in my hands just to break eye contact with him. “Why is it so important to you?” I ask, desperately trying to hold on to my fraying temper. I look up at his impassive stare, his eyes luminous, giving nothing away, his earlier hurt now hidden. But even as I ask the question, deep down I know the answer before he says it. “I want everyone to know that you’re mine.” “I am yours—look.” I hold up my left hand, showing my wedding and engagement rings.
“It’s not enough.” “Not enough that I married you?” My voice is barely a whisper. He blinks at me, registering the horror on my face. Where can I go from here? What else can I do? “That’s not what I mean,” he snaps and runs a hand through his overlong hair so that it flops onto his forehead. “What do you mean?” He swallows. “I want your world to begin and end with me,” he says, his expression raw. His comment completely derails me. It’s like he’s punched me hard in the stomach, winding and wounding me. And the vision comes to mind of a small, frightened, copper-haired grayeyed boy in dirty, mismatched, ill- fitting clothes. “It does,” I say without guile, because it’s the truth. “I’m just trying to establish a career, and I don’t want to trade on your name. I have to do something, Christian. I can’t stay imprisoned at Escala or the new house with nothing to do. I’ll go crazy. I’ll suffocate. I’ve always worked, and I enjoy this. This is my dream job; it’s all I’ve ever wanted. But doing this doesn’t mean I love you less. You are the world to me.” My throat swells and tears prick the back of my eyes. I must not cry, not here. I repeat it over and over in my head. I must not cry. I must not cry. He stares at me, saying nothing. Then a frown crosses his face as if he’s considering what I’ve said. “I suffocate you?” His voice is bleak, and it’s an echo of a question he’s asked me before. “No . . . yes . . . no.” This is such an exasperating conversation—not one that I want to have now, here. I close my eyes and rub my forehead, trying to fathom how we got to this. “Look, we were talking about my name. I want to keep my name here because I want to put some distance between you and me . . . but only here, that’s all. You know everyone thinks I got the job because of you, when the reality is—” I stop, when his eyes widen. Oh no . . . it is because of him? “Do you want to know why you got the job, Anastasia?” Anastasia? Shit. “What? What do you mean?” He shifts in his chair as if steeling himself. Do I want to know? “The management here gave you Hyde’s job to babysit. They didn’t want the expense of hiring a senior executive when the company was mid-sale. They had no idea what the new owner would do with it
once it passed into his ownership, and wisely, they didn’t want an expensive redundancy. So they gave you Hyde’s job to caretake until the new owner” —he pauses, and his lips twitch in an ironic smile— “namely me, took over.” Holy crap! “What are you saying?” So it was because of him. Fuck! I’m horrified. He smiles and shakes his head at my alarm. “Relax. You’ve more than risen to the challenge. You’ve done very well.” There’s the tiniest hint of pride in his voice, and it’s almost my undoing. “Oh,” I murmur incoherently, reeling from this news. I sit right back in my chair, open-mouthed, staring at him. He shifts again. “I don’t want to suffocate you, Ana. I don’t want to put you in a gilded cage. Well . . .” He pauses, his face darkening. “Well, the rational part of me doesn’t.” He strokes his chin thoughtfully as his mind concocts some plan. Oh, what is he thinking? Christian looks up suddenly, as if he’s had a eureka moment. “So one of the reasons I’m here—apart from dealing with my errant wife,” he says, narrowing his eyes, “is to discuss what I am going to do with this company.” Errant wife! I am not errant, and I’m not an asset! I scowl at Christian again and the threat of tears subsides. “What are you going to do?” I incline my head to one side, mirroring him, and I can’t help my sarcastic tone. His lips twitch with the hint of a smile. Jeez—change of mood, again! How can I ever keep up with Mr. Mercurial? “I’m renaming the company—to Grey Publishing.” Holy shit. “And in a year’s time, it will be yours.” What? My mouth drops open once more—wider this time. “This is my wedding present to you.” I shut my mouth then open it, trying to articulate something—but there’s nothing there. My mind is blank. “So, do I need to change the name to Steele Publishing?”
He’s serious. Holy fuck. “Christian,” I whisper when my brain finally reconnects with my mouth. “You gave me a watch . . . I can’t run a business.” He tilts his head to one side again and gives me a censorious frown. “I ran my own business from the age of twenty-one.” “But you’re . . . you. Control freak and whiz-kid extraordinaire. Jeez Christian, you majored in economics at Harvard before you dropped out. At least you have some idea. I sold paint and cable ties for three years on a part-time basis, for heaven’s sake. I’ve seen so little of the world, and I know next to nothing!” My voice rises, growing louder and higher, as I complete my tirade. “You’re also the most well-read person I know,” he counters earnestly. “You love a good book. You couldn’t leave your job while we were on our honeymoon. You read how many manuscripts? Four?” “Five,” I whisper. “And you wrote full reports on all of them. You’re a very bright woman, Anastasia. I’m sure you’ll manage.” “Are you crazy?” “Crazy for you,” he whispers. What? And I snort because it’s the only expression my body can make. He narrows his eyes. “You’ll be a laughing stock. Buying a company for the little woman, who has only had a full time job for a few months of her adult life.” “Do you think I give a fuck what people think? Besides, you won’t be on your own.” I gape at him. He really has lost his marbles this time. “Christian, I . . .” I put my head in my hands—my emotions have been through a wringer. What is he thinking? And from somewhere dark and deep inside I have the sudden, inappropriate need to laugh. When I look up at him again, his eyes widen. “Something amusing you, Miss Steele?” “Yes. You.” His eyes widen further, shocked but also amused. “Laughing at your husband? That will never do. And you’re biting your lip.” His eyes darken . . . in that way. Oh no—I know that look. Sultry, seductive, salacious . . . No, no, no! Not here.
“Don’t even think about it,” I warn, alarm clear in my voice. “Think about what, Anastasia?” “I know that look. We’re at work.” He leans forward, his eyes glued to mine, molten gray and hungry. Holy shit! I swallow instinctively. “We’re in a small, reasonably soundproofed office with a lockable door.” “Gross moral turpitude.” I enunciate each word carefully. “Not with your husband.” “With my boss’s boss’s boss,” I hiss. “You’re my wife.” “Christian, no. I mean it. You can fuck me seven shades of Sunday this evening. But not now. Not here!” He blinks and narrows his eyes once more. Then unexpectedly he laughs. “Seven shades of Sunday?” He arches an eyebrow, intrigued. “I may hold you to that, Ms. Steele.” “Oh, stop with the Ms. Steele!” I snap and thump the desk, startling us both. “For heaven’s sake, Christian. If it means so much to you, I’ll change my name!” His mouth pops open as he inhales sharply. And then he grins, a radiant, all-teeth-showing, joyous grin. Wow . . . “Good.” He claps his hands, and all of a sudden he stands. What now? “Mission accomplished. Now, I have work to do. If you’ll excuse me, Mrs. Grey.” What? Gah—this man is so maddening! “But—” “But what, Mrs. Grey?” I sag. “Just go.” “I intend to. I’ll see you this evening. I’m looking forward to seven shades of Sunday.” I scowl. “Oh, and I have a stack of business-related social engagements coming up, and I’d like you to accompany me.” I gape at him. Will you just go?
“I’ll have Andrea call Hannah to put the dates in your calendar. There are some people you need to meet. You should get Hannah to handle your schedule from now on.” “Okay,” I mumble, completely bemused, bewildered and shellshocked. He leans over my desk. What now? I am caught in his hypnotic gaze. “Love doing business with you, Mrs. Grey.” He leans in closer as I sit paralyzed, and he plants a soft tender kiss on my lips. “Laters, baby,” he murmurs. He stands abruptly, winks at me, and leaves. I lay my head on my desk, feeling like I’ve been run over by a freight train—the freight train that is my beloved husband. He has to be the most frustrating, annoying, contrary man on the planet. I sit up and frantically rub my eyes. What have I just agreed to? Okay, Ana Grey running SIP—I mean, Grey Publishing. The man is insane. There’s a knock on the door, and Hannah pokes her head around. “You okay?” she asks. I just stare at her. She frowns. “I know you don’t like me doing this—but can I make you some tea?” I nod. “Twinings English Breakfast, weak and black?” I nod. “Coming right up, Ana.” I stare blankly at my computer screen, still in shock. How can I make him understand? E-mail! From: Anastasia Steele Subject: NOT AN ASSET! Date: August 22, 2011 14:23 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey Next time you come and see me, make an appointment, so I can at least have some prior warning of your adolescent overbearing megalomania. Yours
Anastasia Grey <-----please note name. Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Seven Shades of Sunday Date: August 22, 2011 14:34  To: Anastasia Steele My Dear Mrs. Grey (emphasis on My) What can I say in my defense? I was in the neighborhood. And no, you are not an asset, you are my beloved wife. As ever, you make my day. Christian Grey CEO & Overbearing Megalomaniac, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. He’s trying to be funny, but I am in no mood to laugh. I take a deep breath and go back to my correspondence. Christian is quiet when I climb into the car that evening. “Hi,” I murmur. “Hi,” he responds, warily—as he should. “Disrupt anyone else’s work today?” I ask too sweetly. A ghost of a smile crosses his face. “Only Flynn’s.” Oh. “Next time you go to see him, I’ll give you a list of topics I want covered,” I hiss at him. “You seem out of sorts, Mrs. Grey.”
I glare steadily in front of me, at the backs of Ryan and Sawyer’s heads. Christian shifts beside me. “Hey,” he says softly and reaches for my hand. All afternoon, when I should have been concentrating on work, I was trying to figure out what to say to him. But I became angrier and angrier with each passing hour. I’ve had enough of his cavalier, petulant, and frankly childish behavior. I snatch my hand out of his—in a cavalier, petulant, and childish manner. “You’re mad at me?” he whispers. “Yes,” I hiss. Folding my arms protectively across my body, I gaze out my window. He shifts beside me once more, but I will myself not to look at him. I don’t understand why I’m so mad at him—but I am. Really fucking mad. As soon as we pull up outside Escala, I break protocol and leap out of the car with my briefcase. I stomp into the building, not checking to see who is following. Ryan scuttles into the foyer behind me and dashes to the elevator to press the call button. “What?” I snap when I’m alongside him. His cheeks redden. “Apologies, ma’am,” he mutters. Christian comes and stands beside me to wait for the elevator, and Ryan retreats. “So it’s not just me you’re mad at?” Christian murmurs dryly. I glare up at him and see a trace of a smile on his face. “Are you laughing at me?” I narrow my eyes. “I wouldn’t dare,” he says, holding his hands up like I’m threatening him at gunpoint. He’s in his navy suit, looking crisp and clean with floppy sex-hair and a guileless expression. “You need a haircut,” I mutter. Turning away from him, I step into the elevator. “Do I?” he says while brushing his hair off his forehead. He follows me in. “Yes.” I tap the code for our apartment into the keypad. “So you’re talking to me now?” “Just.” “What exactly are you mad about? I need an indication,” he asks cautiously. I turn and gape at him.
“Do you really have no idea? Surely, for someone so bright, you must have an inkling? I can’t believe you’re that obtuse.” He takes an alarmed step back. “You really are mad. I thought we had sorted all this in your office,” he murmurs, perplexed. “Christian, I just capitulated to your petulant demands. That’s all.” The elevator doors open and I storm out. Taylor is standing in the hallway. He takes a step back and quickly shuts his mouth as I steam past him. “Hi, Taylor,” I mutter. “Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs. Dropping my briefcase in the hallway, I head into the great room. Mrs. Jones is at the stove. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey.” “Hi, Mrs. Jones,” I mutter once more. I head straight to the fridge and pull out a bottle of white wine. Christian follows me into the kitchen and watches me like a hawk as I take a glass down from the cupboard. He removes his jacket and casually places it on the countertop. “Do you want a drink?” I ask super sweetly. “No thanks,” he says, not taking his eyes off me, and I know that he’s helpless. He does not know what to do with me. It’s comical on one level and tragic on another. Well, screw him! I am having trouble locating my compassionate self since our meeting this afternoon. Slowly, he removes his tie then opens the top button of his shirt. I pour myself a large glass of sauvignon blanc, and Christian runs a hand through his hair. When I turn around, Mrs. Jones has disappeared . Shit! She’s my human shield. I take a slug of wine. Hmm. It tastes good. “Stop this,” Christian whispers. He takes the two steps between us so he’s standing in front of me. Gently he tucks my hair behind my ear and caresses my earlobe with his fingertips, sending a shiver through me. Is this what I’ve missed all day? His touch? I shake my head, causing him to release my ear and gaze up at him. “Talk to me,” he murmurs. “What’s the point? You don’t listen to me.”
“Yes I do. You’re one of the few people I do listen to.” I take another swig of wine. “Is this about your name?” “Yes and no. It’s how you dealt with the fact that I disagreed with you.” I glare up at him, expecting him to be angered. His brow furrows. “Ana, you know I have . . . issues. It’s hard for me to let go where you’re concerned. You know that.” “But I’m not a child, and I’m not an asset.” “I know.” He sighs. “Then stop treating me as though I am,” I whisper, imploring him. He brushes the back of his fingers down my cheek and runs the tip of his thumb across my bottom lip. “Don’t be mad. You’re so precious to me. Like a priceless asset, like a child,” he whispers, a somber reverent expression on his face. His words distract me . Like a child Precious like a child . . . a child would be precious to him! “I’m neither of those things, Christian. I’m your wife. If you were hurt that I wasn’t going to take your name, you should have said.” “Hurt?” He frowns deeply, and I know that he’s exploring the possibility in his mind. He straightens suddenly, still frowning, and glances quickly at his wristwatch. “The architect will be here in just under an hour. We should eat.” Oh no. I groan inwardly. He hasn’t answered me, and now I have to deal with Gia Matteo. My shitty day just got shittier. I scowl at Christian. “This discussion isn’t finished,” I mutter. “What else is there to discuss?” “You could sell the company.” Christian snorts. “Sell it?” “Yes.” “You think I’d find a buyer in today’s market?” “How much did it cost you?”
“It was relatively cheap.” His tone is guarded. “So if it folds?” He smirks. “We’ll survive. But I won’t let it fold, Anastasia. Not while you’re there.” “And if I leave?” “And do what?” “I don’t know. Something else.” “You’ve already said this is your dream job. And forgive me if I’m wrong, but I promised before God, Reverend Walsh, and a congregation of our nearest and dearest to cherish you, uphold your hopes and dreams, and keep you safe at my side.” “Quoting your wedding vows to me is not playing fair.” “I’ve never promised to play fair where you’re concerned. Besides,” he adds, “you’ve wielded your vows at me like a weapon before.” I scowl at him. This is true. “Anastasia, if you’re still angry with me, take it out on me in bed later.” His voice is suddenly low and full of sensual longing, his eyes heated. What? Bed? How? He smiles indulgently down at my expression. Is he expecting me to tie him up? Holy crap! My inner goddess removes her iPod earbuds and starts listening with rapt attention. “Seven shades of Sunday,” he whispers. “Looking forward to it.” Whoa! “Gail!” he shouts abruptly, and four seconds later, Mrs. Jones appears. Where was she? Taylor’s office? Listening? Oh jeez. “Mr. Grey?” “We’d like to eat now, please.”
“Very good, sir.” Christian doesn’t take his eyes off me. He watches me vigilantly as if I’m some exotic creature about to bolt. I take a sip of my wine. “I think I’ll join you in a glass,” he says sighing, and runs a hand through his hair again. “You’re not going to finish?” “No.” I gaze down at my barely touched plate of fettuccini to avoid Christian’s darkening expression. Before he can say anything, I stand and clear our plates from the dining table. “Gia will be with us shortly,” I mutter. Christian’s mouth twists in an unhappy scowl, but he says nothing. “I’ll take those, Mrs. Grey,” says Mrs. Jones as I walk into the kitchen. “Thank you.” “You didn’t like it?” she asks, concerned. “It was fine. I’m just not hungry.” Giving me a small sympathetic smile, she turns to clear my plate and put everything in the dishwasher. “I’m going to make a couple of calls,” Christian announces, giving me an assessing look before he disappears into his study. I let out a sigh of relief and head to our bedroom. Dinner was awkward. I’m still mad at Christian, and he doesn’t seem to think he’s done anything wrong. Has he? My subconscious cocks an eyebrow at me and gazes benignly over her half-moon glasses. Yes, he has. He’s made it even more awkward for me at work. He didn’t wait to discuss this issue with me when we were in the relative privacy of our own home. How would he feel if I came barging into his office, laying down the law? And to cap it all, he wants to give me SIP! How the hell could I run a company? I know next to nothing about business. I gaze out at the Seattle skyline bathed in the pearly pink light of dusk. And as usual, he wants to solve our differences in the bedroom . . . um . . . foyer . . . playroom . . . TV room . . . kitchen countertop . . . Stop! It always comes back to sex with him. Sex is his coping mechanism. I wander into the bathroom and scowl at my reflection in the mirror. Coming back to the real world is hard. We managed to skate over all our differences while we were in our bubble because we were so wrapped up in each other. But now? Briefly I am dragged back to my wedding, remembering my concerns that day—marry in haste . . . No, I mustn’t think like this. I knew he was Fifty Shades when I married him. I just have to hang in there and try to talk this through with him. I squint at myself in the mirror. I look pale, and now I have that woman to deal with.
I’m wearing my gray pencil skirt and a sleeveless blouse. Right! My inner goddess gets out her harlot-red nail polish. I undo two buttons, exposing a little cleavage. I wash my face then carefully redo my makeup, applying more mascara than usual and putting extra gloss on my lips. Bending down, I then brush my hair vigorously from root to tip. When I stand, my hair is a chestnut haze around me that tumbles to my breasts. I tuck it artfully behind my ears and go in search of my pumps, rather than my flats. When I reemerge into the great room, Christian has the house plans spread out on the dining table. He has music playing through the sound system. It stops me in my tracks. “Mrs. Grey,” he says warmly then looks quizzically at me. “What’s this?” I ask. The music is stunning. “Fauré’s Requiem. You look different,” he says, distracted. “Oh. I’ve not heard it before.” “It’s very calming, relaxing,” he says and raises an eyebrow. “Have you done something to your hair?” “Brushed it,” I mutter. I’m transported by the haunting voices. Abandoning the plans on the table, he walks toward me, a slow saunter in time to the music. “Dance with me?” he murmurs. “To this? It’s a requiem.” I squeak, shocked. “Yes.” He pulls me into his arms and holds me, burying his nose in my hair and swaying gently from side to side. He smells his heavenly self. Oh . . . I’ve missed him. I wrap my arms around him and fight the urge to cry. Why are you so infuriating? “I hate fighting with you,” he whispers. “Well, stop being such an arse.” He chuckles and the captivating sound reverberates through his chest. He tightens his hold on me. “Arse?” “Ass.” “I prefer arse.” “You should. It suits you.”
He laughs once more and kisses the top of my head. “A requiem?” I murmur a little shocked that we are dancing to it. He shrugs. “It’s just a lovely piece of music, Ana.” Taylor coughs discreetly at the entranceway, and Christian releases me. “Miss Matteo is here,” he says. Oh joy! “Show her in,” Christian says. He reaches over and clasps my hand as Miss Gia Matteo enters the room. Chapter Eight Gia Matteo is a good-looking woman—a tall, good-looking woman. She wears her short, salon-blond, perfectly layered and coiffed hair like a sophisticated crown. She’s dressed in a pale gray pantsuit; the slacks and fitted jacket hug her lush curves. Her clothes look expensive. At the base of her throat, a solitary diamond glints, matching the singlecarat studs in her ears. She is well groomed—one of those women who grew up with money and breeding, though her breeding seems to be lacking this evening; her pale blue blouse is undone too far. Like mine. I flush. “Christian. Ana.” She beams, showing perfect white teeth, and holds out a manicured hand to shake first Christian’s, then my hand. It means I have to release Christian’s hand to reciprocate. She’s a fraction shorter than Christian, but then she’s in killer heels. “Gia,” Christian says politely. I smile coolly. “You both look so well after your honeymoon,” she says smoothly, her brown eyes gazing at Christian through long mascaraed lashes. Christian puts his arm around me, holding me close. “We had a wonderful time, thank you.” He brushes his lips against my temple, taking me by surprise. See . . . he’s mine. Annoying—infuriating, even—but mine. I grin up at him. Right now I really love you, Christian Grey. I slip my hand around his waist then into his rear pocket of his pants and squeeze his behind. Gia gives us a thin smile. “Have you managed to look over the plans?”
“We have,” I murmur. I gaze up at Christian, who grins down at me, one eyebrow raised in wry amusement. Amused at what? My reaction to Gia or me squeezing his butt? “Please,” Christian says. “The plans are here.” He gestures toward the dining table. Taking my hand, he leads me to it, Gia following in our wake. I finally remember my manners. “Would you like something to drink?” I ask. “A glass of wine?” “That would be lovely,” Gia says. “Dry white if you have it.” Shit! Sauvignon blanc—that’s a dry white, isn’t it? Reluctantly leaving my husband’s side, I head over to the kitchen. I hear the iPod hiss as Christian switches off the music. “Would you like some more wine, Christian?” I call. “Please, baby,” he croons, grinning at me. Wow, he can be so swoonworthy at times yet so aggravating at others. Reaching up to open the cupboard, I’m aware his eyes are on me, and I’m gripped by the uncanny feeling that Christian and I are putting on a show, playing a game together—but this time we’re on the same side pitted against Ms. Matteo. Does he know? Does he know that she’s attracted to him and is being too obvious about it? It gives me a small rush of pleasure when I realize maybe he’s trying to reassure me. Or maybe he’s just sending a message loud and clear to this woman that he’s taken. Mine. Yeah, bitch—mine. My inner goddess is wearing her gladiatrix outfit, and she’s taking no prisoners. Smiling to myself I collect three glasses from the cupboard, take the opened bottle of sauvignon blanc from the fridge, and place them all on the breakfast bar. Gia is leaning over the table while Christian stands beside her and points at something on the plans. “I think Ana has some opinions on the glass wall, but generally we’re both pleased with the ideas you’ve come up with.” “Oh, I’m glad,” Gia gushes, obviously relieved, and as she says it she reaches out to briefly touch his arm in a small, flirty gesture. Christian immediately stiffens subtly . She doesn’t even seem to notice. Leave him the fuck alone, lady. He doesn’t like to be touched. Stepping casually aside so he’s out of her reach, Christian turns to me. “Thirsty here,” he says. “Coming right up.” He is playing the game. She makes him uncomfortable. Why didn’t I see that before? That’s why I don’t like her. He’s used to how women react to him. I’ve seen it often enough, and usually he thinks nothing of it. Touching is something else. Well, Mrs. Grey to the rescue.
I hastily pour the wine, gather all three glasses in my hands and hurry back to my knight in distress. Offering a glass to Gia, I deliberately position myself between them. She smiles courteously as she accepts it. I hand the second to Christian, who takes it eagerly, his expression one of amused gratitude. “Cheers,” Christian says to us both, but looking at me. Gia and I raise our glasses and answer in unison. I take a welcome sip of wine. “Ana, you have some issues with the glass wall?” Gia asks. “Yes. I love it—don’t get me wrong. But I was hoping that we could incorporate it more sympathetically into the house. After all, I fell in love with the house as it was, and I don’t want to make any radical changes.” “I see.” “I just want it to be more sympathetic. More in keeping with the original house.” I glance up at Christian, who is gazing at me thoughtfully. “No major renovations?” he murmurs. “No.” I shake my head to emphasize my point. “You like it as it is?” “Mostly, yes. I always knew it just needed some TLC.” Christian’s eyes glow warmly. Gia glances at the pair of us, and her cheeks pink. “Okay,” she says. “I think I get where you’re coming from, Ana. How about if we retain the glass wall, but have it open out onto a larger deck that’s in keeping with the Mediterranean style. We have the stone terrace there already. We can put in pillars in matching stone, widely spaced so you’ll still have the view. Add a glass roof, or tile it as per the rest of the house. It’ll also make a sheltered al fresco dining and seated area.” Got to give the woman her due . . . she’s good. “Or instead of the deck, we could incorporate a wood color of your choice into the glass doors—that might help to keep the Mediterranean spirit,” she continues. “Like the bright blue shutters in the South of France,” I murmur to Christian, who is watching me intently. He takes a sip of wine and shrugs, very noncommittal. Hmm. He doesn’t like that idea but he doesn’t overrule me, shout me down or make me feel stupid. God, this man is a mass of contradictions.
His words from yesterday come to mind: “I want this house to be the way you want. Whatever you want. It’s yours.” He wants me to be happy—happy in everything I do. Deep down I think I know this. It’s just—I stop myself. Don’t think about our argument now. My subconscious glares at me. Gia is looking at Christian, waiting for him to make the decision. I watch as her pupils dilate and her glossed lips part. Her tongue darts quickly over her top lip before she takes a sip of her wine. When I turn to Christian, he’s still looking at me—not at her at all. Yes! My inner goddess fist pumps the air. I am going to have words with Ms. Matteo. “Ana, what do you want to do?” Christian murmurs, very clearly deferring to me. “I like the deck idea.” “Me, too.” I turn back to Gia. Hey, lady, look at me, not him. I’m the one making the decisions on this. “I think I’d like to see revised drawings showing the bigger deck and pillars that are in keeping with the house.” Reluctantly, Gia drags her greedy eyes away from my husband and smiles down at me. Does she think I’m not going to notice? “Sure,” she acquiesces pleasantly. “Any other issues?” Other than you eye-fucking my husband? “Christian wants to remodel the master suite,” I murmur. There’s a discreet cough from the entrance to the great room. We three turn as one to find Taylor standing there. “Taylor?” Christian asks. “I need to confer with you on an urgent matter, Mr. Grey.” Christian clasps my shoulders from behind and addresses Gia. “Mrs. Grey is in charge of this project. She has absolute carte blanche. Whatever she wants, it’s hers. I completely trust her instincts—she’s very shrewd.” His voice alters subtly. In it I hear pride and a veiled warning—a warning to Gia? He trusts my instincts? Oh, this man’s exasperating. My instincts let him run roughshod over my feelings this afternoon. I shake my head in frustration but I’m grateful that he’s telling Miss Provocative- AndUnfortunately-Good-At-Her-Job just who’s in charge. Reaching up, I caress his hand as it rests on my shoulder.
“If you’ll excuse me.” Christian squeezes my shoulders before following Taylor. I wonder idly what’s going on. “So—the master suite?” Gia asks nervously. I gaze up at her, pausing for a moment to ensure that Christian and Taylor are out of earshot. Then calling on all my inner strength and the fact that I’ve been seriously piqued for the last five hours, I let her have it. “You’re right to be nervous, Gia, because right now your work on this project hangs in the balance. But I’m sure we’ll be fine as long as you keep your hands off my husband.” She gasps. “Otherwise, you’re fired. Understand?” I enunciate each word clearly. She blinks rapidly, utterly stunned. She cannot believe what I’ve said . I cannot believe what I’ve just said. But I hold my ground, gazing impassively into her widening brown eyes. Don’t back down. Don’t back down! I’ve learned this maddening impassive expression from Christian who does impassive like no one else. I know that renovating the Greys’ main residence is a prestigious project for Gia’s architectural firm—a resplendent feather in her cap. She can’t lose this commission. And right now I don’t give a hoot that she’s Elliot’s friend. “Ana—Mrs. Grey—I—I’m so sorry. I never—” She flushes, unsure what else she can say. “Let me be clear. My husband is not interested in you.” “Of course,” she murmurs, the blood draining from her face. “As I said, I just wanted to be clear.” “Mrs. Grey, I sincerely apologize if you think . . . I have—” She stops, still floundering for something to say. “Good. As long as we understand each other, we’ll be fine. Now, I’ll let you know what we have in mind for the master suite, then I’d like a run down on all the materials you intend to use. As you know, Christian and I are determined that this house should be ecologically sustainable, and I’d like to reassure him as to where all the materials are coming from and what they are.” “Of course,” she stutters, wide-eyed and frankly a little intimidated by me. This is a first. My inner goddess runs around the arena, waving to the frenzied crowd. Gia pats her hair into place, and I realize this is a nervous gesture.
“The master suite?” she prompts anxiously, her voice a breathless whisper. Now that I have the upper hand, I feel myself relax for the first time since my meeting with Christian this afternoon. I can do this. My inner goddess is celebrating her inner bitch. Christian joins us just as we are finishing up. “All done?” he asks. He puts his arm around my waist and turns to Gia. “Yes, Mr. Grey,” Gia smiles brightly, though her smile looks brittle. “I’ll have the revised plans to you in a couple of days.” “Excellent. You’re happy?” he asks me directly, his eyes warm and probing. I nod and blush for some reason that I don’t understand. “I’d better be going,” Gia says again too brightly. She offers her hand to me first this time, then to Christian. “Until next time, Gia,” I murmur. “Yes, Mrs. Grey. Mr. Grey.” Taylor appears at the entrance of the great room. “Taylor will see you out.” My voice is loud enough for him to hear. Patting her hair once more, she turns on her high heels and leaves the great room, followed closely by Taylor. “She was noticeably cooler,” Christian says, looking quizzically at me. “Was she? I didn’t notice.” I shrug, trying to remain neutral. “What did Taylor want?” I ask partly because I’m curious and partly because I want to change the subject. Frowning, Christian releases me and begins to roll up the plans on the table. “It was about Hyde.” “What about Hyde?” I whisper. “It’s nothing to worry about, Ana.” Abandoning the plans, Christian draws me into his arms. “It turns out he hasn’t been in his apartment for weeks, that’s all.” He kisses my hair, then releases me and finishes his task. Oh.
“So what did you decide on?” he asks, and I know it’s because he doesn’t want me to pursue the Hyde line of inquiry. “Only what you and I discussed. I think she likes you,” I say quietly. He snorts. “Did you say something to her?” he asks and I flush. How does he know? At a loss what to say, I stare down at my fingers. “We were Christian and Ana when she arrived, and Mr. and Mrs. Grey when she left.” His tone is dry. “I may have said something,” I mumble. When I peek up at him he’s regarding me warmly, and for an unguarded moment he looks . . . pleased. He drops his gaze, shaking his head, and his expression changes. “She’s only reacting to this face.” He sounds vaguely bitter, disgusted even. Oh Fifty, no! “What?” He’s bemused by my perplexed expression. His eyes grow wide in alarm. “You’re not jealous, are you?” he asks, horrified. I flush and swallow, then stare down at my knotted fingers. Am I? “Ana, she’s a sexual predator. Not my type at all. How can you be jealous of her? Of anyone? Nothing about her interests me.” When I glance up, he’s gaping at me as if I’ve grown an additional limb. He runs a hand through his hair. “It’s only you, Ana,” he says quietly. “It will only ever be you.” Oh my. Abandoning the plans once more, Christian moves toward me and clasps my chin between his thumb and forefinger. “How can you think otherwise? Have I ever given you any indication that I could be remotely interested in anyone else?” His eyes blaze as he stares into mine. “No,” I whisper. “I’m being silly. It’s just today . . . you . . .” All my conflicting emotions from earlier resurfaces. How can I tell him how confused I am? I’ve been confounded and frustrated by his behavior this afternoon in my office. One minute he wants me to stay at home, the next he’s gifting me a company. How am I supposed to keep up? “What about me?” “Oh, Christian”—my bottom lip trembles—“I’m trying to adapt to this new life that I had never imagined for myself. Everything is being handed to me on a plate—the job, you, my beautiful husband, who I never . . . I never knew I’d love this way, this hard, this fast, this . . . indelibly.” I take a deep steadying breath, as his mouth drops open.
“But you’re like a freight train, and I don’t want to get railroaded because the girl you fell in love with will be crushed. And what’ll be left? All that would be left is a vacuous social x-ray, flitting from charity function to charity function.” I pause once more, struggling to find the words to convey how I feel. “And now you want me to be a company CEO, which has never even been on my radar. I’m bouncing between all these ideas, struggling. You want me at home. You want me to run a company. It’s so confusing.” I stop, tears threatening, and I force back a sob. “You’ve got to let me make my own decisions, take my own risks, and make my own mistakes, and let me learn from them. I need to walk before I can run, Christian, don’t you see. I want some independence. That’s what my name means to me.” There, that’s what I wanted to say this afternoon. “You feel railroaded?” he whispers. I nod. He closes his eyes and runs his hand through his hair in agitation. “I just want to give you the world, Ana, everything and anything you want. And save you from it, too. Keep you safe. But I also want everyone to know you’re mine. I panicked today when I got your email. Why didn’t you tell me about your name?” I flush. He has a point. “I only thought about it while we were on our honeymoon, and well, I didn’t want to burst the bubble, and I forgot about it. I only remembered yesterday evening. And then Jack . . . you know, it was distracting. I’m sorry, I should have told you or discussed it with you, but I could never seem to find the right time.” Christian’s intense gaze is unnerving. It’s as if he’s trying to will his way into my skull, but he says nothing. “Why did you panic?” I ask. “I just don’t want you to slip through my fingers.” “For heaven’s sake, I’m not going anywhere. When are you going to get that through your incredibly thick skull? I. Love. You.” I wave my hand in the air like he does sometimes to emphasize my point. “More than . . . eyesight, space, or liberty.”1 1 Craig, W.J., ed. “King Lear.” The Complete Works of William Shakespeare. Scene 1, Act 1. New York: Random House Value Publishing: 1997.
His eyes widen. “A daughter’s love?” He gives me an ironic smile. “No,” I laugh, despite myself. “It’s the only quote that came to mind.” “Mad King Lear?” “Dear, dear Mad King Lear.” I reach up and caress his face, and he leans into my touch, closing his eyes. “Would you change your name to Christian Steele so everyone would know that you belong to me?” Christian’s eyes fly open, and he gazes at me as if I’ve just said the world is flat. He frowns. “Belong to you?” he murmurs, testing the words. “Mine.” “Yours,” he says, repeating the words we spoke in the playroom only yesterday. “Yes, I would. If it meant that much to you.” Oh my. “Does it mean that much to you?” “Yes.” He is unequivocal. “Okay.” I will do this for him. Give him the reassurance he still needs. “I thought you’d already agreed to this.” “Yes I have, but now we’ve discussed it further, I’m happier with my decision.” “Oh,” he mutters, surprised. Then he smiles his beautiful, boyish yes-I-am-really-kinda-young smile, and he takes my breath away. Grabbing me by my waist, he swings me around. I squeal and start to giggle, and I don’t know if he’s just happy or relieved or . . . what? “Mrs. Grey, do you know what this means to me?” “I do now.” He leans down and kisses me, his fingers moving into my hair, holding me in place. “It means seven shades of Sunday,” he murmurs against my lips, and he runs his nose along mine. “You think?” I lean back to gaze at him. “Certain promises were made. An offer extended, a deal brokered,” he whispers, his eyes sparkling with wicked delight.
“Um . . .” I am still reeling, trying to follow his mood. “You reneging on me?” he asks uncertainly, and a speculative look crosses his face. “I have an idea,” he adds. Oh, what kinky fuckery is this? “A really important matter to attend to,” he continues, suddenly all serious once more. “Yes, Mrs. Grey. A matter of the gravest importance.” Hang on—he’s laughing at me. “What?” I breathe. “I need you to cut my hair. Apparently it’s overlong, and my wife doesn’t like it.” “I can’t cut your hair!” “Yes you can.” Christian grins and shakes his head so his overlong hair covers his eyes. “Well, if Mrs. Jones has a pudding bowl.” I giggle. He laughs. “Okay, good point well made. I’ll get Franco to do it.” What? No! Franco works for her? Maybe I could give him a trim. After all, I cut Ray’s hair for years, and he never complained. “Come.” I grab his hand. His eyes widen. I lead him all the way to our bathroom where I release him and grab the white wooden chair that stands in the corner. I place it in front of the sink. When I look at Christian, he’s gazing at me with ill-disguised amusement, thumbs tucked in the front belt loops of his pants but his eyes are smoking hot. “Sit.” I gesture to the empty chair, trying to maintain the upper hand. “Are you going to wash my hair?” I nod. He arches one brow in surprise, and for a moment I think he’s going to back down. “Okay.” Slowly he begins to undo each button of his white shirt, starting with the one beneath his throat. Nimble, deft fingers move to each button in turn until his shirt hangs open. Oh my . . . My inner goddess pauses in her celebratory jaunt around the arena. Christian holds out a cuff with an “undo this now” gesture, and his mouth twitches in that challenging, sexy way he has. Oh, cufflinks. I take his proffered wrist and remove the first one, a platinum disc with his initials engraved in a simple italic script—and then remove its matching twin. As I finish I glance at him, and his
amused expression is gone, replaced by something hotter . . . much hotter. I reach up and push his shirt off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. “Ready?” I whisper. “For whatever you want, Ana.” My eyes stray from his eyes to his lips. Parted so that he can inhale more deeply. Sculptured, chiseled, whatever, it is a beautiful mouth and he knows exactly what to do with it. I find myself leaning up to kiss him. “No,” he says and places both of his hands on my shoulders. “Don’t. If you do that, I’ll never get my hair cut.” Oh! “I want this,” he continues. And his eyes are round and raw for some inexplicable reason. It’s disarming. “Why?” I whisper. He stares at me for a beat, and his eyes grow wider. “Because it’ll make me feel cherished.” My heart practically lurches to a halt. Oh, Christian . . . my Fifty. And before I know it I’ve circled him in my arms, and I kiss his chest before nuzzling my cheek into his tickly chest hair. “Ana. My Ana,” he whispers. He wraps his arms around me and we stand immobile, holding each other in our bathroom. Oh, how I love to be in his arms. Even if he is an overbearing, megalomaniac arse, he’s my overbearing megalomaniac arse in need of a lifetime dose of TLC. I lean back without releasing him. “You really want me to do this?” He nods and gives me his shy smile. I grin back at him and step out of his embrace. “Then sit,” I repeat. He dutifully does, sitting with his back to the sink. I take off my shoes and kick them over to where his shirt lies crumpled on the bathroom floor. From the shower I retrieve his shampoo: Chanel. We bought it in France. “Would sir like this?” I hold it up in both hands like I’m selling it on QVC. “Hand-delivered from the South of France. I like the smell of this . . . it smells of you,” I add in a whisper, slipping out of my television presenter mode.
“Please.” He grins. I grab a small towel off the towel warmer. Mrs. Jones sure knows how to keep the towels super-soft. “Lean forward,” I order and Christian complies. Draping the towel around his shoulders, I then turn on the taps and fill the sink with a mix of warm water. “Lean back.” Oh, I like being in charge. Christian leans back, but he’s too tall. He shifts the seat forward then tilts back the entire chair until the top rests against the sink. Perfect distance. He tips back his head. Bold eyes gaze up at me, and I smile down at him. Taking one of the drinking glasses we keep on the vanity, I dip it into the water and tip it over Christian’s head, soaking his hair. I repeat the process, leaning over him. “You smell so good, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and closes his eyes. As I methodically wet his hair, I freely gaze at him. Holy cow. Will I ever tire of this? Long dark lashes fan across his cheeks; his lips part a little, creating a small, dark diamond shape, and he inhales softly. Hmm . . . how I long to poke my tongue— I splash water into his eyes. Shit! “Sorry!” He grabs the corner of the towel and laughs as he wipes the water out of his eyes. “Hey, I know I’m an arse, but don’t drown me.” I lean down and kiss his forehead, giggling. “Don’t tempt me.” Reaching up, he curls his hand behind my head and shifts so that he captures my lips with his. He kisses me briefly, making a low contented sound in his throat. The noise connects to the muscles deep in my belly. It’s a very seductive sound. He releases me and lies back obediently, gazing up at me with expectation. For a moment he looks vulnerable, like a child. It tugs at my heart. I squirt some shampoo into my palm and massage it into his scalp, beginning at his temples and working over the top of his head and down the sides, circling my fingers rhythmically. He closes his eyes again and makes that low humming sound again. “That feels good,” he says after a moment and relaxes beneath the firm touch of my fingers. “Yes it does.” I kiss his forehead once more. “I like it when you scratch my scalp with your fingernails.” His eyes are still closed but his expression one of blissful contentment—no trace of his vulnerability remains. Jeez, how much his expression has changed, and I take comfort knowing it’s me that’s done this.
“Head up,” I command and he obeys. Hmmm—a girl could get used to this. I rub the suds into the back of his hair, scraping my nails into his scalp. “Back.” He leans back, and I rinse off the lather, using the glass. This time I manage not to splash him. “Once more?” I ask. “Please.” His eyes flutter open and his serene gaze finds mine. I grin down at him. “Coming right up, Mr. Grey.” I turn to the sink that Christian normally uses and fill it with warm water. “For rinsing,” I say when his look turns quizzical. I repeat the process with the shampoo, listening to his even deep breaths. Once he’s all lathered up, I take another moment to appreciate the fine face of my husband. I cannot resist him. Tenderly, I caress his cheek, and he opens his eyes, watching me almost sleepily through his long lashes. Leaning forward I plant a soft, chaste kiss on his lips. He smiles, closes his eyes, and breathes out a sigh of utter contentment. Jeez. Who would have thought after our argument this afternoon he could be this relaxed? Without sex? I lean right over him. “Hmm,” he murmurs appreciatively as my breasts brush his face. Resisting the urge to shimmy, I pull the plug so the sudsy water drains away. His hands move to my hips and around to my behind. “No fondling the help,” I murmur, feigning disapproval. “Don’t forget I’m deaf,” he says, keeping his eyes closed, as he runs his hands down past my behind and starts to hitch up my skirt. I swat his arm. I’m enjoying playing hairdresser. He grins, big and boyish, like I’ve caught him doing something illicit that he’s secretly proud of. I reach for the glass again, but this time use the water from the neighboring sink to carefully rinse all the shampoo from his hair. I continue to lean over him, and he keeps his hands on my backside, thrumming his fingers back and forward, up and down . . . back and forth . . . hmm. I wiggle. He growls low in his throat. “There. All rinsed.” “Good,” he declares. His fingers tighten on my behind, and all at once he sits up, his soaked hair dripping all over him. He pulls me down onto his lap, his hands moving from my behind up to the nape of my neck, then to my chin, holding me in place. I gasp with surprise and his lips are on mine, his tongue hot and hard in my mouth. My fingers curl around his wet hair, and drops of water run down my arms; and
as he deepens the kiss, his hair bathes my face. His hand moves from my chin down to the top button of my blouse. “Enough of this primping. I want to fuck you seven shades of Sunday, and we can do it in here or in the bedroom. You decide.” Christian’s eyes blaze into mine, hot and full of promise, his hair dripping water onto us both. My mouth goes dry. “What’s it to be, Anastasia?” he asks as he holds in his lap. “You’re wet,” I respond. He bends his head suddenly, running his dripping hair all down the front of my blouse. I squeal and try to wriggle off him. He tightens his grip around me. “Oh no you don’t, baby,” he murmurs. When he raises his head he’s grinning salaciously at me, and I am Miss Wet Blouse 2011. My top is soaked and totally see-through. I’m wet . . . everywhere. “Love the view,” he murmurs and leans down to run his nose around and around one wet nipple. I squirm. “Answer me, Ana. Here or the bedroom?” “Here,” I whisper frantically. To hell with the haircut—I’ll do it later. He smiles slowly, his lips curling into a sensuous smile full of licentious promise. “Good choice, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs against my lips. He releases my chin and his hand moves to my knee. It glides smoothly up my leg, lifting my skirt and skating over my skin, making me tingle. His lips trail soft kisses from the base of my ear along my jaw. “Oh, what shall I do to you?” he whispers. His fingers halt at my stocking tops. “I like these,” he says. He runs a finger underneath the top and skims it around to my inner thigh. I gasp and squirm once more in his lap. He groans, low in his throat. “If I’m going to fuck you seven shades of Sunday, I want you to keep still.” “Make me,” I challenge, my voice soft and breathy. Christian inhales sharply. He narrows his eyes and regards me with a hot, hooded expression. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. You have only to ask.” His hand moves from my stocking tops up to my panties. “Let’s divest you of these.” He tugs gently and I shift to help him. His breath hisses through his teeth as I do. “Keep still,” he grumbles.
“I’m helping,” I pout, and he seizes my lower lip gently between his teeth. “Still,” he growls. He slides my panties down my legs and off. Tugging my skirt up so that it’s bunched around my hips, he moves both hands to my waist and lifts me. He still has my panties in his hand. “Sit. Astride me,” he orders staring intently into my eyes. I shift, straddling him, and regard him provocatively. Bring it on, Fifty! “Mrs. Grey,” he warns “Are you goading me?” He gazes at me, amused but aroused. It’s a seductive combination. “Yes. What are you going to do about it?” His eyes light up with salacious delight at my challenge, and I feel his arousal beneath me. “Clasp your hands together behind your back.” Oh! I comply obediently and, deftly, he binds my wrists together with my panties. He fastens them tight. “My panties? Mr. Grey, you have no shame,” I admonish. “Not where you’re concerned, Mrs. Grey, but you know that.” His look is intense and hot. Putting his hands around my waist, he shifts me so I am sitting a little further back on his lap. Water still drips down his neck and over his chest. I want to bend forward and lick the drips off, but it’s trickier now that I am restrained. Christian caresses both of my thighs and skims his hands down to my knees. Gently he pushes them further apart and widens his own legs, holding me in that position. His fingers move to the buttons of my blouse. “I don’t think we need this,” he says. He starts methodically undoing each button on my clinging wet blouse, his eyes never leaving mine. They get darker and darker as he finishes the task, taking his own sweet time about it. My pulse quickens and my breathing shallows. I can’t believe it—he’s hardly touched me, and I feel like this—hot, bothered . . . ready. I want to squirm. He leaves my damp blouse hanging open and using both hands, he caresses my face with his fingers, his thumb skimming across my bottom lip. Suddenly, he thrusts his thumb into my mouth. “Suck,” he orders in a whisper, stressing the S. I close my mouth around him and do exactly that. Oh . . . I like this game. He tastes good. What else would I like to suck? The muscles in my belly clench at the thought. His lips part when I scrape my teeth and bite the soft pad of his thumb. He groans and slowly extracts his wet thumb from my mouth and trails it down my chin, down my throat, over my sternum. He hooks it into the cup of my bra and yanks the cup down, freeing my breast.
Christian’s gaze never leaves mine. He’s watching each reaction that his touch elicits from me, and I’m watching him. It’s hot. Consuming. Possessive. I love it. He mirrors his actions with his other hand so both my breasts are free and, cupping them gently, he skims each thumb over a nipple, circling slowly, teasing and taunting each one so that they harden and distend beneath his skillful touch. I try, I really try not to move, but my nipples are hotwired to my groin, so I moan and throw my head back, closing my eyes and surrendering to the sweet, sweet torture. “Shh.” Christian’s soothing voice is at odds with the teasing, eventempo rhythm of his wicked fingers. “Still, baby, still.” Releasing one breast, he reaches up behind me and splays his hand around the nape of my neck. Leaning forward, he takes my now bereft nipple into his mouth and sucks hard, his wet hair tickling me. At the same time, his thumb stops skimming across my other elongated nipple. Instead, he takes it between his thumb and forefinger and tugs and twists it gently. “Ah! Christian!” I groan and buck forward on his lap. But he doesn’t stop. He continues the slow, leisurely, agonizing tease. And my body is burning as the pleasure takes a darker turn. “Christian, please,” I whimper. “Hmm,” he hums low in his chest. “I want you to come like this.” My nipple gets a brief respite as his words caress my skin, and it’s like he’s calling to a deep, dark part of my psyche that only he knows. When he resumes with his teeth this time, the pleasure is almost intolerable. Moaning loudly, I writhe on his lap, trying to find some precious friction against his pants. I pull uselessly against my restraining panties, itching to touch him, but I’m lost—lost in this treacherous sensation. “Please,” I whisper, pleading, and pleasure flies through my body, from my neck, right down to my legs, to my toes, tightening all in its wake. “You have such beautiful breasts, Ana.” He groans. “One day I’ll fuck them.” What? Gah! What the hell does that mean? Opening my eyes, I gape down at him as he suckles me, my skin singing under his touch. I no longer feel my sodden blouse, his wet hair . . . nothing except the burn. And it burns deliciously hot and low, deep inside me, and all thought evaporates as my body tightens and clenches . . . ready, reaching . . . pining for release. And he doesn’t stop—teasing, pulling, driving me wild. I want . . . I want . . . “Let go,” he breathes—and I do, loudly, my orgasm convulsing through my body, and he stops his sweet torture and wraps his arms around me, clutching me to him as my body spirals down from my climax. When I open my eyes, he is gazing down at me where I rest against his chest. “God, I love to watch you come, Ana.” His voice is full of wonder.
“That was . . .” Words fail me. “I know.” He leans forward and kisses me, his hand still at the nape of my neck, holding me just so, angling my head so he can kiss me deeply—with love, with reverence. I am lost in his kiss. He pulls away to draw breath, his eyes the color of a tropical storm. “Now I’m going to fuck you, hard,” he murmurs. Holy cow. Grabbing me around the waist, he lifts me from his thighs down to the edge of his knees and reaches with his right hand for the button on the waistband of his navy pants. He runs the fingers of his left hand up and down my thigh, stopping at my stocking tops each time. He’s watching me intently. We’re face to face and I’m helpless, trussed up in my bra and by my panties, and this has to be one of the most intimate times we’ve had—me sitting on his lap, staring into his beautiful gray eyes. It makes me feel wanton, but also so connected to him—I am not embarrassed or shy. This is Christian, my husband, my lover, my overbearing megalomaniac, my Fifty—the love of my life. He reaches for his zipper, and my mouth goes dry as his erection springs free. He smirks. “You like?” he whispers. “Hmm,” I murmur appreciatively. He wraps his hand around himself and moves it up and down . . . Oh my. I gaze up at him through my lashes. Fuck, he’s so sexy. “You’re biting your lip, Mrs. Grey.” “That’s because I’m hungry.” “Hungry?” His mouth opens in surprise, and his eyes widen a fraction. “Hmm . . .” I agree and lick my lips. He gives me his enigmatic smile and bites his lower lip as he continues to stroke himself. Why is the sight of my husband pleasuring himself such a turn-on? “I see. You should have eaten your dinner.” His tone is mocking and censorious at once. “But maybe I can oblige.” He puts his hands on my waist. “Stand,” he says softly, and I know what he’s going to do. I get to my feet, my legs no longer shaking. “Kneel.”
I do as I’m told and kneel down on the cool tiled floor of the bathroom. He slides forward on the seat of the chair. “Kiss me,” he utters holding his erection. I glance up at him, and he runs his tongue over his top teeth. It’s arousing, very arousing, to see his desire, his naked desire for me and my mouth. Leaning forward, my eyes on his, I kiss the tip of his erection. I watch him inhale sharply and clench his teeth. Christian cups the side of my head, and I run my tongue over the tip, tasting the small bead of dew on the end. Hmm . . . he tastes good. His mouth drops open further as he gasps and I pounce, pulling him into my mouth and sucking hard. “Ah—” The air hisses through his teeth, and he flexes his hips forward, thrusting into my mouth. But I don’t stop. Sheathing my teeth behind my lips, I push down and then pull up on him. He moves both hands so that he fully cups my head, burying his fingers in my hair and slowly eases himself in and out of my mouth, his breathing quickening, growing harsher. I twirl my tongue around his tip and push down again in perfect counterpoint to him. “Jesus, Ana.” He sighs and screws his eyes tightly. He’s lost and it’s heady, his response to me. Me. My inner goddess could light up Escala, she’s so thrilled. And very slowly I draw my lips back, so it’s just my teeth. “Ah!” Christian stops moving. Leaning forward he grabs me and pulls me up onto his lap. “Enough!” he growls. Reaching behind me, he frees my hands with one tug on my panties. I flex my wrists and stare from under my lashes into scorching eyes that gaze back at me with love and longing and lust. And I realize it’s me that wants to fuck him seven shades of Sunday. I want him badly. I want to watch him come apart beneath me. I grab his erection and scoot over him. Placing my other hand on his shoulder, very gently and slowly, I ease myself onto him. He makes a guttural, feral noise deep in his throat and, reaching up, pulls my blouse off and lets it fall to the floor. His hands move to my hips. “Still,” he rasps, his hands digging into my flesh. “Please, let me savor this. Savor you.” I stop. Oh my . . . he feels so good inside me. He caresses my face, his eyes wide and wild, his lips parted as he breathes. He flexes beneath me and I moan, closing my eyes. “This is my favorite place,” he whispers. “Inside you. Inside my wife.” Oh fuck. Christian. I cannot hold back. My fingers glide into his wet hair, my lips seek his, and I start to move. Up and down on my toes, savoring him, savoring me. He groans loudly, and his hands are in my hair and around my back, and his tongue invades my mouth greedily, taking all that I willingly give. After all our arguing today, my frustration with him, his with me—we still have this. We will always
have this. I love him so much, it’s almost overwhelming. His hands move to my backside and he controls me, moving me up and down, again and again, at his pace—his hot, slick tempo. “Ah,” I groan helplessly into his mouth as I’m carried away. “Yes. Yes, Ana,” he hisses, and I rain kisses on his face, his chin, his jaw, his neck. “Baby,” he breathes, capturing my mouth once more. “Oh, Christian, I love you. I will always love you.” I’m breathless, wanting him to know, wanting him to be sure of me after our battle of wills today. He moans loudly and wraps his arms around me tightly as he climaxes with a mournful sob, and it’s enough—enough to push me over the brink once more. I clutch my arms around his head and let go, and I come around him, tears springing to my eyes because I love him so. “Hey,” he whispers, tipping my chin back and gazing at me with quiet concern. “Why are you crying? Did I hurt you?” “No,” I mutter reassuringly. He smoothes my hair off my face, wipes away a lone tear with this thumb and tenderly kisses my lips. He is still inside me. He shifts, and I wince as he pulls out of me. “What’s wrong, Ana? Tell me.” I sniff. “It’s just . . . it’s just sometimes I’m overwhelmed by how much I love you,” I whisper. He blinks down at me. “Oh.” Then he smiles his special shy smile—reserved for me, I think. “You have the same effect on me,” he whispers, and kisses me once more. I smile up at him, and inside my joy unfurls and stretches lazily. “Do I?” He smirks. “You know you do.” “Sometimes I know. Not all the time.” “Back at you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. I grin and gently place feather-light kisses over his chest. I nuzzle his chest hair. Christian caresses my hair and runs a hand down my back. He unclasps my bra and pulls the strap down one arm. I shift, and he tugs the strap down the other arm and drops my bra on the floor. “Hmm. Skin on skin,” he murmurs appreciatively and folds me in his arms again. He kisses my shoulder and runs his nose up to my ear. “You smell like heaven, Mrs. Grey.”
“So do you, Mr. Grey.” I nuzzle him again and inhale his Christian smell, which is now mixed with the heady scent of sex. I could stay wrapped in his arms like this, sated and happy, forever. It’s just what I need after a full day of back-to-work, arguing, and bitch slapping. This is where I want to be, and in spite of his control freakery, his megalomania, this is where I belong. Christian buries his nose in my hair and inhales deeply. I let out a contented sigh, and I feel his smile. And we sit, arms clasped around each other, saying nothing. Eventually reality intrudes. “It’s late,” Christian says, his fingers methodically stroking my back. “Your hair still needs cutting.” He chuckles. “That it does, Mrs. Grey. Do you have the energy to finish the job you started?” “For you, Mr. Grey, anything.” I kiss his chest once more and reluctantly stand. “Don’t go.” Grabbing my hips, he turns me around. He straightens then undoes my skirt, letting it drop to the floor. He holds his hand out to me. I take it and step out of my skirt. Now I am dressed solely in stockings and garter belt. “You are a mighty fine sight, Mrs. Grey.” He sits back in the chair and crosses his arms, giving me a full and frank appraisal. I hold out my hands and twirl for him. “God, I’m a lucky son of a bitch,” he says admiringly. “Yes, you are.” He grins. “Put my shirt on and you can cut my hair. Like this, you’ll distract me, and we’ll never get to bed.” I can’t help my answering smile. Knowing that he’s watching my every move, I sashay over to where we left my shoes and his shirt. Bending slowly, I reach down, pick up his shirt, smell it— hmm—then shrug it on. Christian blinks at me, his eyes round. He’s redone his fly and is watching me intently. “That’s quite a floor show, Mrs. Grey.” “Do we have any scissors?” I ask innocently, batting my eyelashes. “My study,” he croaks.
“I’ll go search.” Leaving him, I walk into our bedroom and grab my comb from the dressing table before heading to his study. As I enter the main corridor, I notice the door to Taylor’s office is open. Mrs. Jones is standing just beyond the door. I stop, rooted to the spot. Taylor is running his fingers down her face and smiling sweetly at her. Then he leans down and kisses her. Holy shit! Taylor and Mrs. Jones? I gape in astonishment—I mean, I thought . . . well, I kind of suspected. But obviously they are together! I flush, feeling like a voyeur, and manage to get my feet to move. I scamper across the great room and into Christian’s study. Switching on the light, I walk to his desk. Taylor and Mrs. Jones . . . Wow! I’m reeling. I always thought Mrs. Jones was older than Taylor. Oh, I have to get my head around this. I open the top drawer and am immediately distracted when I find a gun. Christian has a gun! A revolver. Holy fuck! I had no idea Christian owned a gun. I take it out, slip the release and check the cylinder. It’s fully loaded, but light . . . too light. It must be carbon fiber. What does Christian want with a gun? Jeez, I hope he knows how to use it. Ray’s perpetual warnings about handguns run quickly through my mind. His army training was never lost. These will kill you, Ana. You need to know what you’re doing when you’re handling a firearm. I put the gun back and find the scissors. Retrieving them quickly, I bolt back to Christian, my head buzzing. Taylor and Mrs. Jones . . . the revolver . . . At the entrance to the great room, I run into Taylor. “Mrs. Grey, excuse me.” His face reddens as he quickly takes in my attire. “Um, Taylor, hi . . . um. I’m cutting Christian’s hair!” I blurt out, embarrassed. Taylor is as mortified as I am. He opens his mouth to say something then closes it quickly and stands aside. “After you, ma’am,” he says formally. I think I’m the color of my old Audi, the submissive special. Jeez. Could this be more embarrassing? “Thank you,” I mutter and dash down the hallway. Crap! Will I ever get used to the fact that we’re not alone? I dash into the bathroom, breathless. “What’s wrong?” Christian is standing in front of the mirror, holding my shoes. All of my scattered clothes are now neatly piled beside the sink. “I just ran into Taylor.” “Oh.” Christian frowns. “Dressed like that.” Oh shit! “That’s not Taylor’s fault.”
Christian’s frown deepens. “No. But still.” “I’m dressed.” “Barely.” “I don’t know who was more embarrassed, me or him.” I try my distraction technique. “Did you know he and Gail are . . . well, together?” Christian laughs. “Yes, of course I knew.” “And you never told me?” “I thought you knew, too.” “No.” “Ana, they’re adults. They live under the same roof. Both unattached. Both attractive.” I flush, feeling foolish for not having noticed. “Well, if you put it like that . . . I just thought Gail was older than Taylor.” “She is, but not by much.” He gazes at me, perplexed. “Some men like older women—” He stops abruptly and his eyes widen. I scowl at him. “I know that,” I snap. Christian looks contrite. He smiles fondly at me. Yes! My distraction technique successful! My subconscious rolls her eyes at me—but at what cost? Now the unmentionable Mrs. Robinson is looming over us. “That reminds me,” he says, brightly. “What?” I mutter petulantly. Grabbing the chair, I turn it to face the mirror above the sinks. “Sit,” I order. Christian regards me with indulgent amusement, but does as he’s told and sits back down in the chair. I start to comb through his now merely damp hair. “I was thinking we could convert the rooms over the garages for them at the new place,” Christian continues. “Make it a home. Then maybe Taylor’s daughter could stay with him more often.” He watches me carefully in the mirror. “Why doesn’t she stay here?” “Taylor’s never asked me.”
“Perhaps you should offer. But we’d have to behave ourselves.” Christian’s brow furrows. “I hadn’t thought of that.” “Perhaps that’s why Taylor hasn’t asked. Have you met her?” “Yes. She’s a sweet thing. Shy. Very pretty. I pay for her schooling.” Oh! I stop combing and stare at him in the mirror. “I had no idea.” He shrugs. “Seemed the least I could do. Also, it means he won’t quit.” “I’m sure he likes working for you.” Christian stares at me blankly then shrugs. “I don’t know.” “I think he’s very fond of you, Christian.” I resume combing and glance at him. His eyes don’t leave mine. “You think?” “Yes. I do.” He snorts, a dismissive yet content sound, as if he’s secretly pleased that his staff may like him. “Good. Will you talk to Gia about the rooms over the garage?” “Yes, of course.” I don’t feel the same irritation I did before at the mention of her name. My subconscious nods sagely at me. Yes . . . we done good today. My inner goddess gloats. Now she’ll leave my husband alone and not make him uncomfortable. I am ready to cut Christian’s hair. “You sure about this? Your last chance to bail.” “Do your worst, Mrs. Grey. I don’t have to look at me, you do.” I grin. “Christian, I could look at you all day.” He shakes his head exasperated. “It’s just a pretty face, baby.” “And behind it is a very pretty man.” I kiss his temple. “My man.” He grins shyly. Lifting the first lock, I comb it upward and snare it between my index and middle finger. I put the comb in my mouth, take the scissors and make the first snip, cutting an inch off the length. Christian closes his eyes and sits like a statue, sighing contentedly as I continue. Occasionally he opens his eyes, and I catch him watching me intently. He doesn’t touch me while I work, and I’m grateful. His touch is . . . distracting.
Fifteen minutes later, I’m done. “Finished.” I’m pleased with the result. He looks as hot as ever, his hair still floppy and sexy . . . just a bit shorter. Christian gazes at himself in the mirror, looking pleasantly surprised. He grins. “Great job, Mrs. Grey.” He turns his head from side to side and snakes his arm around me. Pulling me to him, he kisses and nuzzles my belly. “Thank you,” he says. “My pleasure.” I bend and kiss him briefly. “It’s late. Bed.” He gives my behind a playful slap. “Ah! I should clean up in here.” There is hair all over the floor. Christian frowns, as if the thought would never have occurred to him. “Okay, I’ll get the broom,” he says wryly. “I don’t want you embarrassing the staff with your lack of appropriate attire.” “Do you know where the broom is?” I ask innocently. This stops Christian in his tracks. “Um . . . no.” I laugh. “I’ll go.” As I climb into bed and wait for Christian to join me, I reflect on how differently this day could have ended. I was so mad at him earlier, and he with me. How am I going to deal with this running-a-company nonsense? I have no desire to run my own company. I am not him. I need to head this off at the pass. Perhaps I should have a safe word for when he’s being overbearing and domineering . . . for when he’s being an arse. I giggle. Perhaps the safe word should be arse. I find the thought very appealing. “What?” he says as he climbs into bed beside me wearing only his pajama pants. “Nothing. Just an idea.” “What idea?” he asks, stretching out beside me. Here goes nothing. “Christian, I don’t think I want to run a company.” He props himself up on his elbow and gazes down at me. “Why do you say that?” “Because it’s not something that has ever appealed to me.” “You’re more than capable, Anastasia.”
“I like to read books, Christian. Running a company will take me away from that.” “You could be the creative head.” I frown. “You see,” he continues, “running a successful company is all about embracing the talent of the individuals you have at your disposal. If that’s where your talents and your interests lie, then you structure the company to enable that.” What? “Don’t dismiss it out of hand, Anastasia. You’re a very capable woman. I think you could do anything you wanted if you put your mind to it.” Whoa? How can he possibly know that I’d be any good at this? “I’m also worried it will take up too much of my time.” Christian frowns. “Time I could devote to you.” I deploy my secret weapon. His gaze darkens. “I know what you’re doing,” he murmurs, amused. Damn it! “What?” I feign innocence. “You’re trying to distract me from the issue at hand. You always do that. Just don’t dismiss the idea, Ana. Think about it. That’s all I ask.” He leans down and kisses me chastely, then skims his thumb down my cheek. This argument is going to run and run. I smile up at him—and something he said earlier today pops unbidden into my mind. “Can I ask you something?” My voice is soft, tentative. “Of course.” “Earlier today you said if I was angry with you, I should take it out on you in bed. What did you mean?” He stills. “What did you think I meant?” Holy shit . . . I should just say it. “That you wanted me to tie you up.” His eyebrows shoot up in surprise. “Um . . . no. That’s not what I meant at all.”
“Oh.” I’m surprised by my slight twinge of disappointment. “You want to tie me up?” he asks, obviously reading my expression correctly. He sounds shocked. I blush. “Well . . .” “Ana, I . . .” he stops, and something dark crosses his face. “Christian,” I whisper, alarmed. I move so that I am lying on my side, propped up on my elbow like him. Reaching over, I caress his face. His eyes are large and fearful. He shakes his head sadly. Shit! “Christian, stop. It doesn’t matter. I thought that’s what you meant.” He takes my hand and places it on his pounding heart. Fuck! What is it? “Ana, I don’t know how I’d feel about you touching me if I was restrained.” My scalp prickles. It’s like he’s confessing something deep and dark. “This is still too new.” His voice is low and raw. Fuck. It was just a question . . . and I realize that he’s come a long way, but he still has a long way to go. Oh, Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. Anxiety grips my heart. I lean over and he freezes, but I plant a soft kiss at the corner of his mouth. “Christian, I got the wrong idea. Please don’t worry about it. Please don’t think about it.” I kiss him. He closes his eyes and groans and reciprocates, pushing me down into the mattress, his hands clasping my chin. And soon we’re lost . . . lost in each other again. Chapter Nine When I wake before the alarm the following morning, Christian is wrapped around me like ivy, his head on my chest, his arm around my waist and his leg between mine—and he’s on my side of the bed. It’s
always the same, if we argue the night before, this is how he ends up, coiled around me, making me hot and bothered. Oh, Fifty. He is so needy on some level. Who would have thought? The familiar vision of Christian as a dirty, wretched little boy haunts me. Gently, I stroke his shorter hair and my melancholy recedes. He stirs, and his sleepy eyes meet mine. He blinks a couple of times as he wakes. “Hi,” he murmurs and smiles. “Hi.” I love waking to that smile. He nuzzles my breasts and hums appreciatively deep in his throat. His hand travels down from my waist, skimming over the cool satin of my nightgown. “What a tempting morsel you are,” he mutters. “But, tempting though you are,” he glances at the alarm, “I have to get up.” He stretches out, untangling himself from me, and rises. I lie back, put my hands behind my head, and enjoy the show— Christian stripping for his shower. He is perfect. I wouldn’t change a hair on his head . . . well, except when his hair gets too long. “Admiring the view, Mrs. Grey?” Christian arches a sardonic brow at me. “It’s a mighty fine view, Mr. Grey.” He grins and throws his pajama pants at me so they almost land on my face, but I catch them in time, giggling like a schoolgirl. With a wicked grin, he reaches down, pulls the duvet off, puts one knee on the bed and grabs my ankles, pulling me toward him so that my nightdress rides up. I squeal, and he crawls up my body, trailing little kisses on my knee, my thigh . . . my . . . oh . . . Christian! “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Jones greets me. I flush, embarrassed remembering her tryst with Taylor the night before. “Good morning,” I respond as she hands me a cup of tea. I sit on the bar stool beside my husband, who just looks radiant: freshly showered, his hair damp, wearing a crisp white shirt and that silver-gray tie. My favorite tie. I have fond memories of that tie. “How are you, Mrs. Grey?” he asks, his eyes warm. “I think you know, Mr. Grey.” I gaze up at him through my lashes. He smirks. “Eat,” he orders. “You didn’t eat yesterday.”
Oh, bossy Fifty! “That’s because you were being an arse.” Mrs. Jones drops something that clatters into the sink, making me jump. Christian seems oblivious to the noise. Ignoring her, he stares at me impassively. “Arse or not—eat.” His tone is serious. No arguing with him. “Okay! Picking up spoon, eating granola,” I mutter like a petulant teenager. I reach for the Greek yoghurt and spoon some onto my cereal, followed by a handful of blueberries. I glance at Mrs. Jones and she catches my eye. I smile, and she responds with a warm smile of her own. She has provided me with my breakfast of choice introduced to me on our honeymoon. “I may have to go to New York later in the week.” Christian’s announcement interrupts my reverie. “Oh.” “It’ll mean an overnight. I want you to come with me.” Oh no . . . “Christian, I won’t get the time off.” He gives me his oh-really-but-I’m-the-boss-stare. I sigh. “I know you own the company, but I’ve been away for three weeks. Please. How can you expect me to run the business if I’m never there? I’ll be fine here. I’m assuming you’ll take Taylor with you, but Sawyer and Ryan will be here—” I stop, because Christian is grinning at me. “What?” I snap. “Nothing. Just you,” he says. I frown. Is he laughing at me? Then a nasty thought pops into my mind. “How are you getting to New York?” “The company jet, why?” “I just wanted to check if you were taking Charlie Tango.” My voice is quiet, and a shiver runs down my spine. I remember the last time he flew his helicopter. A wave of nausea hits me as I recall the anxious hours I spent waiting for news. That was possibly the lowest point in my life. I notice Mrs. Jones has stilled, too. I try and dismiss the idea.
“I wouldn’t fly to New York in Charlie Tango. She doesn’t have that kind of range. Besides, she won’t be back from the engineers for another two weeks.” Oh . . . thank heavens. My smile is partly from relief, but also the knowledge that the demise of Charlie Tango has occupied a great deal of Christian’s thoughts and time over the last few weeks. “Well I’m glad she’s nearly fixed, but—” I stop. Can I tell him how nervous I’ll be when he flies next time? “What?” he asks as he finishes his omelet. I shrug. “Ana?” he says, more sternly. “I just . . . you know. Last time you flew in her—I thought, we thought, you’d . . .” I can’t finish the sentence, and Christian’s expression softens. “Hey.” He reaches up to caress my face with the back of his knuckles. “That was sabotage.” A dark expression crosses his face, and for a moment I wonder if he knows who was responsible. “I couldn’t bear to lose you,” I murmur. “Five people have been fired because of that, Ana. It won’t happen again.” “Five?” He nods, his face serious. Holy crap! “That reminds me. There’s a gun in your desk.” He frowns at my non sequitur and probably at my accusatory tone, though I don’t mean it that way. “It’s Leila’s,” he says finally. “It’s fully loaded.” “How do you know?” His frown deepens. “I checked it yesterday.” He scowls at me. “I don’t want you messing with guns. I hope you put the safety back on.” I blink at him, momentarily stupefied. “Christian, there’s no safety on that revolver. Don’t you know anything about guns?”
His eyes widen. “Um . . . no.” Taylor coughs discreetly from the entrance. Christian nods at him. “We have to go,” Christian says. He stands, distracted, and slips on his gray jacket. I follow him into the hallway. He has Leila’s gun. I am stunned by this news and briefly wonder what’s happened to her. Is she still in— where is it? East somewhere. New Hampshire? I can’t remember. “Good morning, Taylor,” Christian says. “Good morning, Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey.” He nods at us both, but he’s careful not to look me in the eye. I’m grateful, recalling my state of undress when we bumped into each other last night. “I am just going to brush my teeth,” I mutter. Christian always brushes his teeth before breakfast. I don’t understand why. “You should ask Taylor to teach you how to shoot,” I say as we travel down in the elevator. Christian gazes down at me, amused. “Should I now?” he says dryly. “Yes.” “Anastasia, I despise guns. My mom has patched up so many victims of gun crime, and my dad is vehemently antigun. I grew up with their ethos. I support at least two gun control initiatives here in Washington.” “Oh. Does Taylor carry a gun?” Christian’s mouth thins. “Sometimes.” “You don’t approve?” I ask, as Christian ushers me out of the elevator on the ground floor. “No,” he says, tight-lipped. “Let’s just say that Taylor and I hold very different views with regard to gun control.” Oh! I am with Taylor on this. Christian holds the foyer door open for me and I head out to the car. He has not let me drive alone to SIP since he found out that Charlie
Tango was sabotaged. Sawyer smiles pleasantly, holding the door open for me as Christian and I climb into the car. “Please.” I reach across and grasp Christian’s hand. “Please what?” “Learn how to shoot.” He rolls his eyes at me. “No. End of discussion, Anastasia.” And I am a child again to be scolded. I open my mouth to say something cutting, but decide I don’t want to start my workday in a bad mood. I fold my arms instead, and glimpse Taylor regarding me in the rearview mirror. He looks away, concentrating on the road in front, but shakes his head a little, in obvious frustration. Hmm . . . Christian drives him crazy, too, sometimes. The thought makes me smile, and my mood is saved. “Where is Leila?” I ask, as Christian gazes out of his window. “I told you. She’s in Connecticut with her folks.” He glances at me. “Did you check? After all, she does have long hair. It could have been her driving the Dodge.” “Yes, I checked. She’s enrolled in an art school in Hamden. She started this week.” “You’ve spoken to her?” I whisper, all the blood draining from my face. Christian whips his head around at the tone of my voice. “No. Flynn has.” He searches my face for a clue to my thoughts. “I see,” I murmur, relieved. “What?” “Nothing.” Christian sighs. “Ana. What is it?” I shrug, not wanting to admit to my irrational jealousy. Christian continues, “I’m keeping tabs on her, checking that she stays on her side of the continent. She’s better, Ana. Flynn has referred her to a shrink in New Haven, and all the reports are very positive. She’s always been interested in art, so . . .” He stops, his face still searching mine. And in that moment I suspect that he is paying for her art classes. Do I want to know? Should I ask him? I mean it’s not like he can’t afford it, but why does he feel the obligation? I sigh. Christian’s baggage, hardly compares to Bradley Kent from biology
class and his half-assed attempts to kiss me. Christian reaches for my hand. “Don’t sweat this, Anastasia,” he murmurs, and I return his reassuring squeeze. I know he’s doing what he thinks is right. Midmorning I have a break in meetings. As I pick up the phone to call Kate, I notice an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Flattery Date: August 23, 2011 09:54  To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I have received three compliments on my new haircut. Compliments from my staff are new. It must be the ridiculous smile I’m wearing whenever I think about last night. You are indeed a wonderful, talented, beautiful woman. And all mine. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I melt reading it. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Trying to concentrate here. Date: August 23, 2011 10:48 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey
I am trying to work and don’t want to be distracted by delicious memories. Is now the time to confess that I used to cut Ray’s hair regularly? I had no idea it would be such useful training. And yes, I am yours and you, my dear overbearing husband who refuses to exercise his constitutional right under the second amendment to bear arms, are mine. But don’t worry because I shall protect you. Always. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Annie Oakley Date: August 23, 2011 10:53 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I am delighted to see you have spoken to the IT dept and changed your name. :D I shall sleep safe in my bed knowing that my gun-toting wife sleeps beside me. Christian Grey CEO & Hoplophobe, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Hoplophobe? What the hell is that? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Long words
Date: August 23, 2011 10:58 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey Once more you dazzle me with your linguistic prowess. In fact, your prowess in general, and I think you know what I’m referring to. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Gasp! Date: August 23, 2011 11:01 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey Are you flirting with me? Christian Grey Shocked CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Would you rather . . . Date: August 23, 2011 11:04 To: Christian Grey I flirted with someone else? Anastasia Grey Brave Commissioning Editor, SIP
From: Christian Grey Subject: Grrrrr Date: August 23, 2011 11:09 To: Anastasia Grey NO! Christian Grey Possessive CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Wow . . . Date: August 23, 2011 11:14 To: Christian Grey Are you growling at me? ’Cause that’s kinda hot. Anastasia Grey Squirming (in a good way) Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Beware Date: August 23, 2011 11:16 To: Anastasia Grey Flirting and toying with me, Mrs. Grey?
I may pay you a visit this afternoon. Christian Grey Priapic CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Oh No! Date: August 23, 2011 11:20 To: Christian Grey I’l behave. I wouldn’t want my boss’s boss’s boss getting on top of me at work. ;) Now let me get on with my job. My boss’s boss’s boss may fire my ass. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: &*%$&*&* Date: August 23, 2011 11:23 To: Anastasia Grey Believe me when I say there are a great many things he’d like to do to your ass right now. Firing you is not one of them. Christian Grey CEO & Ass man, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. His response makes me giggle. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Go Away!
Date: August 23, 2011 11:26 To: Christian Grey Don’t you have an empire to run? Stop bothering me. My next appointment is here. I thought you were a breast man . . . Think about my ass, and I’l think about yours . . . ILY x Anastasia Grey Now Moist Commissioning Editor, SIP ~o0o~ I cannot help my despondent mood as Sawyer drives me to the office on Thursday. Christian’s threatened business trip to New York has happened, and though he’s only been gone a few hours, I miss him already. I fire up my computer, and there’s an email waiting for me. My mood lifts immediately. From: Christian Grey Subject: Miss you already Date: August 25, 2011 04:32 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey
You were adorable this morning. Behave while I’m away. I love you. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. This will be the first night we’ve slept apart since the night before our wedding. I intend to have a few cocktails with Kate—that should help me sleep. Impulsively, I e-mail him back, although I know that he’s still flying. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Behave Yourself! Date: August 25, 2011 09:03 To: Christian Grey Let me know when you land—I’l worry until you do. And I shall behave. I mean how much trouble can I get into with Kate? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I hit send and sip my latte, courtesy of Hannah. Who knew I’d grow to love coffee? In spite of the fact that I’m going out this evening with Kate, I feel like a chunk of me is missing. At the moment, it’s thirtyfive thousand feet somewhere above America en route to New York. I didn’t know I could feel this unsettled and anxious just because Christian’s away. Surely over time I won’t feel this loss and uncertainty, will I? I let out a heavy sigh and continue with my work. Around lunchtime, I start manically checking my e-mail and my BlackBerry for a text. Where is he? Has he landed safely? Hannah asks if I want lunch, but I’m too apprehensive and I wave her away. I know it’s irrational, but I need to be sure he’s arrived safely. My office phone rings, startling me. “Ana St—Grey.”
“Hi.” Christian’s voice is warm with a trace of amusement. Relief floods through me. “Hi,” I respond, grinning from ear to ear. “How was your flight?” “Long. What are you doing with Kate?” Oh no. “We’re just going out for a quiet drink.” Christian says nothing. “Sawyer and the new woman—Prescott—are coming with, to watch over us,” I offer, trying to placate him. “I thought Kate was coming to the apartment.” “She is after a quick drink.” Please let me go out! Christian sighs heavily. “Why didn’t you tell me?” he says quietly. Too quietly. I mentally kick myself. “Christian, we’ll be fine. I have Ryan, Sawyer, and Prescott here. It’s only a quick drink.” Christian remains resolutely silent, and I know he’s not happy. “I’ve only seen her a few times since you and I met. Please. She’s my best friend.” “Ana, I don’t want to keep you from your friends. But I thought she was coming back to the apartment.” “Okay,” I acquiesce. “We’ll stay in.” “Only while this lunatic is out there. Please.” “I’ve said okay,” I mutter in exasperation, rolling my eyes. Christian snorts softly down the phone. “I always know when you’re rolling your eyes at me.” I scowl at the receiver. “Look, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to worry you. I’ll tell Kate.” “Good,” he breathes, his relief evident. I feel guilty for worrying him. “Where are you?” “On the tarmac at JFK.” “Oh, so you just landed.”
“Yes. You asked me to call the moment I landed.” I smile. My subconscious glares at me. See? He does what he says he’s going to do. “Well, Mr. Grey, I’m glad one of us is punctilious.” He laughs. “Mrs. Grey, your gift for hyperbole knows no bounds. What am I going to do with you?” “I am sure you’ll think of something imaginative. You usually do.” “Are you flirting with me?” “Yes.” I sense his grin. “I’d better go. Ana, do as you’re told, please. The security team knows what they’re doing.” “Yes, Christian, I will.” I sound exasperated again—but jeez, I get the message. “I’ll see you tomorrow evening. I’ll call you later.” “To check up on me?” “Yes.” “Oh, Christian!” I scold him. “Au revoir, Mrs. Grey.” “Au revoir, Christian. I love you.” He inhales sharply. “And I you, Ana.” Neither of us hangs up. “Hang up, Christian,” I whisper. “You’re a bossy little thing, aren’t you?” “Your bossy little thing.” “Mine,” he breathes. “Do as you’re told. Hang up.” “Yes, Sir.” I hang up and grin stupidly at the phone. A few moments later, an e-mail appears in my inbox.
From: Christian Grey Subject: Twitching Palms Date: August 25, 2011 13:42 EDT To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey You are as entertaining as ever on the phone. I mean it. Do as you’re told. I need to know you’re safe. I love you. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Honestly, he’s the bossy one. But one phone call and all my anxiety has disappeared. He’s arrived safely and he’s fussing about me as usual. I hug myself momentarily. God, I love that man. Hannah knocks on my door, distracting me, and I land back with a thump in my office. Kate looks gorgeous. In her tight white jeans and red camisole, she’s ready to rock the town. She’s chatting animatedly to Claire in reception when I make my entrance. “Ana!” she cries, scooping me up in a Kate hug. She holds me at arm’s length. “Don’t you look the mogul’s wife? Who would have thought, little Ana Steele? You look so . . . sophisticated!” She grins. I roll my eyes at her. I’m wearing a pale cream shift dress with a navy belt and navy pumps. “It’s good to see you, Kate.” I hug her back. “So, where are we going?”
“Christian wants us to go back to the apartment.” “Aw, really? Can’t we sneak a quick cocktail at the Zig Zag Cafe? I’ve booked us a table.” I open my mouth to protest. “Please?” she whines and pouts prettily. She must be picking this up from Mia. She never pouts normally. I’d really like a cocktail at the Zig Zag. We had such fun the last time we went there, and it’s close to Kate’s apartment. I hold up my index finger. “One.” She grins. “One” She links her arm in mine, and we stroll out to the car, which is parked at the curb with Sawyer at the wheel. We’re followed out by Miss Samantha Prescott who’s new to the security team––a tall African-American with a no-nonsense attitude. I’ve yet to warm to her, maybe because she’s too cool and professional. The jury’s definitely out, but like the rest of the team, she’s been hand-picked by Taylor. She’s dressed like Sawyer, in a dark somber pantsuit. “Can you take us to the Zig Zag, please, Sawyer?” Sawyer turns to look at me, and I know he wants to say something. He’s obviously been given his orders. He hesitates. “The Zig Zag Café. We’ll only have one.” I give Kate a sideways glance and she’s glaring at Sawyer. Poor man. “Yes, ma’am.” “Mr. Grey requested you go back to the apartment,” Prescott pipes up. “Mr. Grey isn’t here,” I snap. “The Zig Zag, please.” “Ma’am,” Sawyer replies with a sideways glance at Prescott, who wisely holds her tongue. Kate gapes at me as if she can’t believe her eyes and ears. I purse my lips and shrug. Okay, so I’m a little more assertive than I used to be. Kate nods as Sawyer pulls out into the early evening traffic. “You know the additional security is driving Grace and Mia crazy,” Kate says casually. What? I gawk at her, baffled. “You didn’t know?” She seems incredulous. “Know what?”
“Security for all of the Greys has been tripled. Gazillioned, even.” “Really?” “He hasn’t told you?” I flush. “No.” Damn it, Christian! “Do you know why?” “Jack Hyde.” “What about Jack? I thought he was just after Christian,” I gasp. Jeez. Why hasn’t he told me? “Since Monday,” Kate says. Last Monday? Hmm . . . we identified Jack on Sunday. But why all the Greys? What’s going on? “How do you know all this?” “Elliot.” Of course. “Christian hasn’t told you any of this, has he?” I flush once more. “No.” “Oh, Ana, how annoying.” I sigh. As ever, Kate has hit the nail squarely on the head in her usual sledgehammer style. “Do you know why?” If Christian’s not going to tell me, then maybe Kate will. “Elliot said it’s something to do with information stored on Jack Hyde’s computer when he was at SIP.” Holy crap. “You’re kidding.” A surge of anger pulses through me. How does Kate know about this when I don’t? I glance up to see Sawyer eyeing me from the rearview mirror. The red light turns to green and he surges forward, focusing on the road ahead. I hold my finger up to my lips and Kate nods. I bet Sawyer knows, too, and I don’t. “How’s Elliot?” I ask to change the subject. Kate grins stupidly, telling me all I need to know. Sawyer pulls up at the end of the passageway that leads down to the Zig Zag Café, and Prescott opens my door. I scoot out and Kate scrambles out after
me. We link arms and meander down the passage, followed by Prescott, who’s wearing a thunderous expression on her face. Oh, for heaven’s sake, it’s just a drink. Sawyer drives off to park the car. “So how does Elliot know Gia?” I ask, taking a sip of my second strawberry mojito. The bar is intimate and cozy, and I don’t want to leave. Kate and I have not stopped talking. I had forgotten how much I like hanging with her. It’s liberating to be out, relaxing, enjoying Kate’s company. I contemplate texting Christian then dismiss the idea. He’ll just be mad and make me go home like an errant child. “Don’t talk to me about that bitch!” Kate splutters. Kate’s reaction makes me laugh. “What’s so funny, Steele?” she snaps, but not seriously. “I feel the same way.” “You do?” “Yes. She was all over Christian.” “She had a fling with Elliot.” Kate pouts. “No!” She nods, her lips pressed together in the patented Katherine Kavanagh scowl. “It was brief. Last year, I think. She’s a social climber. No wonder she has her sights set on Christian.” “Christian is taken. I told her to leave him alone or I would fire her.” Kate gapes at me once more, stunned. I nod proudly, and she lifts her glass to salute me, impressed and beaming. “Mrs. Anastasia Grey! Way to go!” We clink. “Does Elliot own a gun?” “No. He’s very antigun.” Kate stirs her third drink. “Christian, too. I think it was Grace and Carrick’s influence,” I mutter. I’m feeling a little tipsy.
“Carrick’s a good man.” Kate nods. “He wanted a prenup,” I mutter sadly. “Oh, Ana.” She reaches across and grasps my arm. “He was only looking out for his boy. As we both know, you have gold-digger tattooed on your forehead.” She smiles at me, and I poke my tongue out at her then giggle. “Mature, Mrs. Grey,” she says grinning. She sounds like Christian. “You’ll do the same for your son one day.” “My son?” I gape at her. It hadn’t even crossed my mind that my kids will be rich. Holy crap. They’ll want for nothing. I mean . . . nothing. This needs further thought—but not right now. I glance at Prescott and Sawyer seated nearby, watching us and the evening crowd from a side table while they each nurse a glass of sparkling mineral water. “Do you think we should eat?” I ask. “No. We should drink,” Kate says. “Why are you in such a drinking mood?” “Because I don’t see enough of you anymore. I didn’t know you’d up and marry the first guy who turned your head.” She pouts again. “Honestly, you married with such indecent haste that I thought you were pregnant.” I giggle. “Everyone thought I was pregnant,” I mutter. “Let’s not rehash that conversation again. Please! And I have to use the restroom.” Prescott accompanies me. She says nothing. She doesn’t have to. Disapproval radiates off her like a lethal isotope. “I haven’t been out on my own since I got married,” I mutter wordlessly at the closed toilet door. I make a face, knowing that she’s standing on the other side of the door, waiting while I pee. What precisely is Hyde going to do in a bar anyway? Christian is just overreacting as usual. “Kate, it’s late. We should go.” It’s ten fifteen and I have downed my fourth strawberry mojito. I am definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol, warm and fuzzy. Christian will be fine. Eventually.
“Sure, Ana. It’s been so good to see you. You just seem so much more, I don’t know . . . confident. Marriage obviously agrees with you.” My face warms. Coming from Miss Katherine Kavanagh, this is indeed a compliment. “It does,” I whisper, and because I’ve probably had too much to drink, tears prick the back of my eyes. Could I be any happier? In spite of all his baggage, his nature, his Fiftyness, I have met and married the man of my dreams. I quickly change the subject to stem my sentimental thoughts, because I know I will cry otherwise. “I have really enjoyed this evening.” I grasp Kate’s hand. “Thank you for dragging me out!” We hug. As she releases me, I nod at Sawyer and he hands Prescott the keys to the car. “I’m sure Miss Goody-Two-Shoes Prescott has told Christian I’m not at home. He’ll be mad,” I mutter to Kate. And maybe he’ll think of some delicious way to punish me . . . hopefully. “Why are you grinning like a loon, Ana? You like making Christian mad?” “No. Not really. But it’s easily done. He’s very controlling sometimes.” Most of the time. “I’ve noticed,” Kate says wryly. We pull up outside Kate’s apartment. She hugs me hard. “Don’t be a stranger,” she whispers and kisses my cheek. Then she’s out of the car. I wave, feeling strangely homesick. I have missed girl talk. It’s fun and relaxing, and reminds me that I’m still young. I must make more of an effort to see Kate, but the truth is, I love being in my bubble with Christian. Last night we attended a charity dinner together. There were so many men in suits and well-groomed elegant women talking about real estate prices and the failing economy and the plunging stock markets. I mean, it was dull, really dull. So it’s refreshing to let my hair down with someone my own age. My stomach rumbles. Jeez, I still haven’t eaten. Shit—Christian! I scramble through my purse and fish out my BlackBerry. Holy crap— five missed calls! One text . . . *WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU?* And one e-mail.
From: Christian Grey Subject: Angry. You’ve not seen angry Date: August 26, 2011 00:42 EST To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia Sawyer tells me that you are drinking cocktails in a bar when you said you wouldn’t. Do you have any idea how mad I am at the moment? I’l see you tomorrow. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. My heart sinks. Oh shit! I really am in trouble. My subconscious glares at me, then shrugs, wearing her you-made-your-bed-you-lie-in-it face. What did I expect? I contemplate calling him, but it’s late and he’s probably asleep . . . or pacing. I decide a quick text may be enough. *I’M STILL IN ONE PIECE. I HAD A NICE TIME. MISSING YOU—PLEASE DON’T BE MAD* I gaze at my BlackBerry, willing him to respond, but it’s ominously silent. I sigh. Prescott pulls up outside Escala and Sawyer gets out to hold the door open for me. As we stand waiting for the elevator, I take the opportunity to quiz him. “What time did Christian call you?” Sawyer flushes. “About nine thirty, ma’am.” “Why didn’t you interrupt my conversation with Kate so I could speak with him?” “Mr. Grey told me not to.”
I purse my lips. The elevator arrives, and we ride up in silence. I’m suddenly grateful that Christian has a whole night to recover from his snit-fit, and that he’s on the other side of the country. It gives me some time. On the other hand . . . I miss him. The doors to the elevator open, and for a split second I stare at the foyer table. What is wrong with this picture? The vase of flowers lies smashed into fragments all over the floor of the foyer, water and flowers and chunks of china are strewn everywhere, and the table is overturned. Sawyer grabs my arm and pulls me back into the elevator. “Stay there,” he hisses, drawing a gun. He steps into the foyer and disappears from my field of vision. Oh no! I cower in the back of the elevator. What’s going on? “Luke!” I hear Ryan call from inside the great room. “Code blue!” Code blue? “You have the perp?” Sawyer calls back. “Jesus H. Christ!” I flatten myself against the elevator wall. What the hell is happening? Adrenaline spikes through my body, and my heart leaps into my throat. I hear soft voices, and a moment later Sawyer reappears in the foyer, standing in the puddle of water. He reholsters his gun. “You can come in, Mrs. Grey,” he says gently. “What’s happened, Luke?” My voice is barely a whisper. “We’ve had a visitor.” He takes my elbow, and I’m grateful for the support—my legs have turned to jelly. I walk with him through the open double doors. Ryan is standing at the entrance of the great room. A cut above his eye is bleeding, and there’s another on his mouth. He looks roughed up, his clothes disheveled. But what’s more shocking is Mr. Jack Hyde slumped at his feet. Chapter Ten
My heart is pounding and blood thrums loudly in my eardrums; the alcohol flowing through my system, amplifying the sound. “Is he—” I gasp, unable to finish the sentence and gazing wideeyed and terrified at Ryan. I can’t even look at the prone figure on the floor. “No, ma’am. Just knocked out cold.” Relief floods through me. Oh thank God. “And you?” I ask, gazing at Ryan. I realize I don’t know his first name. He’s panting as if he’s run a marathon. He wipes the corner of his mouth, removing the trace of blood, and a faint bruise is forming on his cheek. “He put up one hell of a fight, but I’m okay, Mrs. Grey.” He smiles reassuringly. If I knew him better, I’d say he looked a little smug. “And Gail? Mrs. Jones?” Oh no . . . is she okay? Has she been harmed? “I’m here, Ana.” Glancing behind me, she’s in a nightdress and robe, her hair loose, her face ashen and her eyes wide—like mine, I imagine. “Ryan woke me. Insisted I come in here.” She points behind her into Taylor’s office. “I’m fine. Are you okay?” I nod briskly and realize she’s probably just come out of the panic room built adjoining Taylor’s office. Who knew we’d need it so soon? Christian had insisted on its installation shortly after our engagement— and I had rolled my eyes. Now, seeing Gail standing in the doorway, I’m grateful for his foresight. A creak from the door to the foyer distracts me. It’s hanging off its hinges. What the hell happened to that? “Was he alone?” I ask Ryan. “Yes, ma’am. You wouldn’t be standing here if he wasn’t, I can assure you.” Ryan sounds vaguely affronted. “How did he get in?” I ask, ignoring his tone.
“Through the service elevator. He’s got quite a pair, ma’am.” I stare down at Jack’s slumped figure. He’s wearing a uniform of sorts—coveralls, I think. “When?” “About ten minutes ago. I caught him on the security monitor. He was wearing gloves . . . kinda strange in August. I recognized him and decided to give him access. That way I knew we’d have him. You weren’t here and Gail was safe, so I figured it was now or never.” Ryan looks very pleased with himself once more, and Sawyer scowls at him in disapproval. Gloves? The thought distracts me, and I glance once more at Jack. Yes, he’s wearing brown leather gloves. Creepy. “What now?” I try to dismiss the ramifications from my mind. “We need to secure him,” Ryan replies. “Secure him?” “In case he wakes.” Ryan glances at Sawyer. “What do you need?” asks Mrs. Jones, stepping forward. She’s recovered her composure. “Something to restrain him—cord or rope,” Ryan replies. Cable ties. I flush as memories of the previous night invade my mind. Reflexively, I rub my wrists and glance quickly down at them. No, no bruising. Good. “I have something. Cable ties. Will they do?” All eyes turn to me. “Yes, ma’am. Perfect,” Sawyer says, serious and straight-faced. I want the floor to swallow me up, but I turn and head for our bedroom. Sometimes you just have to brazen things out. Perhaps it’s the combination of fear and alcohol making me audacious. When I return, Mrs. Jones is surveying the mess in the foyer and Miss Prescott has joined the security team. I hand the ties to Sawyer, who slowly, and with frankly unnecessary care, ties Hyde’s hands behind his back. Mrs. Jones disappears into the kitchen and returns with a first aid kit. She takes Ryan’s arm, leads him into the doorway of the great room and starts tending to the cut above his eye. He flinches as she dabs it with an antiseptic wipe. Then I notice the Glock on the floor with a silencer attached. Holy shit! Jack was armed? Bile rises in my throat and I fight it down.
“Don’t touch, Mrs. Grey,” says Prescott when I bend to pick it up. Sawyer emerges from Taylor’s office wearing latex gloves. “I’ll take care of that, Mrs. Grey,” he says. “It’s his?” I ask. “Yes ma’am,” says Ryan, wincing once more from Mrs. Jones’s ministrations. Holy crap. Ryan fought an armed man in my home. I shudder at the thought. Sawyer bends and gingerly picks up the Glock. “Should you be doing that?” I ask. “Mr. Grey would expect it ma’am.” Sawyer slides the gun into a zip-lock bag then squats to pat down Jack. He pauses and partially pulls a roll of duct tape from the man’s pocket. Sawyer blanches, and pushes the tape back into Hyde’s pocket. Why duct tape? My mind idly registers as I watch the proceedings with fascination and an odd detachment. Then bile rises to my throat again as I realize the implications. Rapidly, I dismiss them from my head. Don’t go there, Ana! “Should we call the police?” I mutter, trying to hide my fear. I want Hyde out of my home, sooner rather than later. Ryan and Sawyer glance at each other. “I think we should call the police,” I say rather more forcefully, wondering what’s going on between Ryan and Sawyer. “I’ve just tried Taylor and he’s not answering his cell. Maybe he’s asleep.” Sawyer checks his watch. “It’s one forty-five in the morning on the East Coast.” Oh no. “Have you called Christian?” I whisper. “No, ma’am.” “Were you calling Taylor for instructions?” Sawyer looks momentarily embarrassed. “Yes, ma’am.” Part of me bristles. This man—I glance down at Hyde again—has invaded my home, and he needs to be removed by the police. But looking at the four of them, into their anxious eyes, I decide I must be missing something so I decide to call Christian. My scalp prickles. I know he’s mad at me—really, really mad at me—and I falter at the thought of what he’ll say. And how he’ll stress because he’s not here and can’t be here until tomorrow evening. I know I’ve worried him enough this evening. Perhaps I shouldn’t call him. And then it occurs to
me. Shit . What if I’d been here? I pale at the thought. Thank heavens I was out. Maybe I won’t be in so much trouble after all. “Is he okay?” I ask, pointing at Jack. “He’ll have an aching skull when he wakes,” Ryan says, gazing down at Jack with contempt. “But we need paramedics here to make sure.” I reach into my purse and pull out my BlackBerry, and before I can give too much thought to the extent of Christian’s anger, I dial his number. It goes straight to voice mail. He must have switched it off because he’s so mad. I cannot think what to say. Turning away, I walk down the hallway a little, away from everyone. “Hi. It’s me. Please don’t be mad. We’ve had an incident at the apartment. But it’s under control, so don’t worry. No one is hurt. Call me.” I hang up. “Call the police.” I tell Sawyer. He nods, takes out his cell, and makes the call. Officer Skinner is deep in conversation with Ryan at the dining room table. Officer Walker is with Sawyer in Taylor’s office. I don’t know where Prescott is, perhaps in Taylor’s office. Detective Clark is barking questions at me as we sit on the couch in the great room. He’s tall, dark and would be good looking if it wasn’t for his permanent scowl. I suspect he’s been woken and dragged from his warm bed because the home of one of Seattle’s most influential and wealthy businessmen has been breached. “He used to be your boss?” Clark asks tersely. “Yes.” I am tired—beyond tired—and I want to go to bed. I still haven’t heard from Christian. On the plus side, Hyde has been removed by the paramedics. Mrs. Jones hands me and Detective Clark each a cup of tea. “Thanks,” grunts Clark and turns back to me. “And where is Mr. Grey?” “New York. On business. He’ll be back tomorrow evening, I mean this evening.” It’s after midnight. “Hyde is known to us,” Detective Clark murmurs. “I’ll need you to come down to the station to make a statement. But that can wait. It’s late and there are a couple of reporters camped out on the sidewalk. Do you mind if I look around?”
“Of course not,” I offer, relieved his questioning is finished. I shudder at the thought of the photographers outside. Well, they won’t be a problem until tomorrow. I remind myself to call my mom and Ray just in case they hear anything and worry. “Mrs. Grey, may I suggest you go to bed?” Mrs. Jones says, her voice warm and full of concern. Looking into her warm, kind eyes I suddenly feel an overwhelming need to cry. She reaches over and rubs my shoulder. “We’re safe now,” she murmurs. “This will all look better in the morning once you’ve had some sleep. And Mr. Grey will be back tomorrow evening.” I glance nervously up at her, keeping my tears at bay. Christian is going to be so mad. “Can I get you anything before you go to bed?” she asks. What? And in that moment, I realize how hungry I am. “I’d love something to eat.” She smiles broadly. “Sandwich and some milk?” I nod with gratitude, and she heads into the kitchen. Ryan is still with Officer Skinner. In the foyer Detective Clark is examining the mess outside the elevator. He looks thoughtful, in spite of his scowl. And suddenly I feel homesick—homesick for Christian. Holding my head in my hands, I wish fervently that he were here. He’d know what to do. What an evening. I want to crawl into his lap, have him hold me and tell me that he loves me, even though I don’t do as I’m told—but that won’t be possible until this evening. Inwardly I roll my eyes . . . Why didn’t he tell me about the increased security for everyone? What exactly is on Jack’s computer? He’s so frustrating but right now, I just don’t care. I want my husband. I miss him. “Here you are, Ana dear.” Mrs. Jones interrupts my inner turmoil. When I glance up at her, she hands me a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, her eyes twinkling. I haven’t had one of these for years. I smile shyly and dig in. When I finally crawl into bed, I curl up on Christian’s side, dressed in his T-shirt. Both his pillow and his T- shirt smell of him, and as I drift off I silently wish him safe passage home . . . and a good mood. I wake with a start. It’s light and my head is aching, throbbing at my temples. Oh no. I hope I don’t have a hangover. Cautiously, I open my eyes, and as they flutter open I notice the bedroom chair has moved, and Christian is seated in it. He’s wearing his tux, and the end of his bowtie is peeping out of the breast pocket. I wonder if I’m dreaming. His left arm is draped over the chair, and in his hand he holds a cut
glass tumbler of amber liquid. Brandy? Whiskey? I have no idea. One long leg is crossed at the ankle over his knee. He’s wearing black socks and dress shoes. His right elbow rests on the arm of the chair, his hand at his chin, and he’s slowly running his index finger rhythmically back and forth over his lower lip. In the early morning light, his eyes burn with grave intensity but his general expression is completely unreadable. My heart almost stops. He’s here. How did he get here? He must have left New York last night. How long has he been here watching me sleep? “Hi,” I whisper. He regards me coolly, and my heart stutters once more. Oh no. He moves his long fingers away from his mouth, tosses the remainder of his drink down his throat, reaches over and places the glass on the bedside table. I half expect him to kiss me, but he doesn’t. He sits back, continuing to regard me, his expression impassive. “Hello,” he says finally, his voice hushed. And I know he’s still mad. Really mad. “You’re back.” “It would appear so.” Slowly I pull myself up into a sitting position, not taking my eyes off him. My mouth is dry. “How long have you been sitting there watching me sleep?” “Long enough.” “You’re still mad.” I can hardly speak the words. He gazes at me, as if considering his response. “Mad,” he says as if testing the word, weighing up its nuances, its meaning. “No, Ana. I am far, far beyond mad.” Holy crap. I try to swallow, but it’s hard with a dry mouth. “Far beyond mad . . . that doesn’t sound good.” Shit! He gazes at me, completely impassive, and doesn’t respond. A stark silence stretches between us. I reach over to my glass of no-longerquite-so-sparkling water and take a welcome sip, trying to bring my erratic heart rate under control. “Ryan caught Jack.” I try a different tack, and I place my glass beside his on the bedside table. “I know,” he says icily.
Of course he knows. “Are you going to be monosyllabic for long?” His eyebrows move fractionally registering his surprise as if he hadn’t expected this question. “Yes,” he says finally. Oh . . . okay. What to do? Defense—the best form of attack. “I’m sorry I stayed out.” “Are you?” “No,” I mutter after a pause, because it’s true. “Why say it then?” “Because I don’t want you to be mad at me.” He sighs heavily as if he’s been holding this tension for a thousand hours and runs his hand through his hair. He looks beautiful. Mad, but beautiful. I drink him in—Christian’s back—angry, but in one piece. “I think Detective Clark wants to talk to you.” “I’m sure he does.” “Christian, please . . .” “Please what?” “Don’t be so cold.” His eyebrows rise in surprise once more. “Anastasia, cold is not what I’m feeling at the moment. I’m burning. Burning with rage. I don’t know how to deal with these”—he waves his hand searching for the word—“feelings.” His tone is bitter. Oh shit. His honesty disarms me. All I want to do is crawl into his lap. It’s all I’ve wanted to do since I came home last night. But right now, I don’t think it’s a good idea. Is it? To hell with this. I move, taking him by surprise and climbing awkwardly into his lap, where I curl up. He doesn’t push me away, which is what I’d feared. After a beat, he folds his arms around me and buries his nose in my hair. He smells of whiskey. Jeez, how much did he drink? He smells of bodywash, too . . . he smells of Christian. I wrap my arms around his neck and nuzzle his throat, and he sighs once more, deeply this time. “Oh, Mrs. Grey. What am I going to do with you?” He kisses the top of my head. I close my eyes, relishing the contact with him. “How much have you had to drink?”
He stills. “Why?” “You don’t normally drink hard liquor.” “This is my second glass. I’ve had a trying night, Anastasia. Give a man a break.” I smile. “If you insist, Mr. Grey,” I breathe into his neck. “You smell heavenly. I slept on your side of the bed because your pillow smells of you.” He nuzzles my hair. “Did you now? I wondered why you were on this side. I’m still mad at you.” “I know.” His hand rhythmically strokes my back. “And I’m mad at you,” I whisper. He pauses. “And what, pray, have I done to deserve your ire?” “I’ll tell you later when you’re no longer burning with rage.” I kiss his throat. He closes his eyes and leans into my kiss but makes no move to kiss me back. His arms tighten around me, squeezing me. “When I think of what might have happened . . .” His voice is barely a whisper. Broken, raw. “I’m okay.” “Oh, Ana.” It’s almost a sob. “I’m okay. We’re all okay. A bit shaken. But Gail is fine. Ryan is fine. And Jack is gone.” He shakes his head. “No thanks to you,” he mutters. What? I lean back, and glare at him. “What do you mean?” “I don’t want to argue about it right now, Ana.” I blink. Well, maybe I do, but I decide against it. At least he’s talking to me. I nestle into him once more. His fingers move to my hair and start playing with it. “I want to punish you,” he whispers. “Really beat the shit out of you,” he adds. My heart leaps into my mouth. Fuck. “I know,” I whisper as my scalp prickles. “Maybe I will.” “I hope not.”
He hugs me tighter. “Ana, Ana, Ana. You’d try the patience of a saint.” “I could accuse you of many things, Mr. Grey, but being a saint isn’t one of them.” Finally I am blessed with his reluctant chuckle. “Fair point well made as ever, Mrs. Grey.” He kisses my forehead and shifts. “Back to bed. You had a late night, too.” He moves quickly, picking me up and depositing me back on the bed. “Lie down with me?” “No. I have things to do.” He reaches down and collects the glass. “Go back to sleep. I’ll wake you in a couple of hours.” “Are you still mad at me?” “Yes.” “I’ll go back to sleep, then.” “Good.” He pulls the duvet over me and kisses my forehead once more. “Sleep.” And because I’m so groggy from the night before, relieved that he’s back, and emotionally fatigued by our early-morning encounter, I do exactly as I’m told. As I drift off I’m curious though grateful, given the nasty taste in my mouth, to know why he hasn’t deployed his usual coping mechanism and leapt on me to have his wicked way. “There’s some orange juice for you here,” Christian says, and my eyes flutter open again. I have had the most restful two hours of sleep I can remember, and I wake refreshed, my head no longer throbbing. The orange juice is a welcome sight—as is my husband. He’s in his sweats. And I’m momentarily zapped back to the Heathman Hotel and the first time I ever woke up with him. His gray tank top is damp with his sweat. Either he’s been working out in the basement gym or he’s been for a run, but he shouldn’t look this good after a workout. “I’m going to take a shower,” he murmurs and disappears to the bathroom. I frown. He’s still distant. He’s either distracted by all that’s happened, or still mad, or . . . what? I sit up and reach for the orange juice, drinking it down too quickly. It’s delicious, ice cold, and it makes my mouth a much better place. I clamber out of bed, anxious to close the distance—real and metaphysical—between my husband and me. I glance quickly at the alarm. It’s eight o’clock. I strip off Christian’s Tshirt and follow him into the
bathroom. He’s in the shower, washing his hair, and I don’t hesitate. I slip in behind him and he stiffens the moment I wrap my arms around him—my front to his wet, muscular back. I ignore his reaction, holding him tightly, and press my cheek flat against him, closing my eyes. After a moment, he shifts so we are both under the cascade of hot water and carries on washing his hair. I let the water wash over me as I cradle the man I love. I think of all the times he’s fucked me and all the times he’s made love to me in here. I frown. He’s never been this quiet. Turning my head, I start to trail kisses across his back. His body stiffens again. “Ana,” he warns. “Hmm.” My hands travel slowly down over his taut stomach to his belly. He places both his hands on mine and brings them to an abrupt halt. He shakes his head. “Don’t,” he warns. Oh. I release him, immediately. He’s saying no? My mind goes into free fall—has this ever happened before? My subconscious shakes her head, her lips pursed. She glares at me over her half-moon glasses, wearing her you’ve-really-fucked-up-this-time look. I feel like I’ve been slapped, hard. Rejected. And a lifetime of insecurity spawns the ugly thought he doesn’t want me anymore. I gasp as the pain sears through me. Christian turns, and I’m relieved to see he’s not completely oblivious to my charms. Grasping my chin, he tilts my head back, and I find myself gazing into his wary, beautiful eyes. “I’m still fucking mad at you,” he says, his voice quiet and serious. Shit! Leaning down, he rests his forehead against mine, closing his eyes. I reach up and caress his face. “Don’t be mad at me, please. I think you’re overreacting,” I whisper. He straightens, blanching. My hand falls free to my side. “Overreacting?” he snarls. “Some fucking lunatic gets into my apartment to kidnap my wife, and you think I’m overreacting!” The restrained menace in his voice is frightening, and his eyes blaze as he stares at me like I’m the fucking lunatic. “No . . . um, that’s not what I was referring to. I thought this was about me staying out.” He closes his eyes once more as if in pain and shakes his head. “Christian, I wasn’t here.” I try to appease and reassure him. “I know,” he whispers opening his eyes. “And all because you can’t follow a simple, fucking request.” His tone is bitter and it’s my turn to blanch. “I don’t want to discuss this now, in the shower. I am still
fucking mad at you, Anastasia. You’re making me question my judgment.” He turns and promptly leaves the shower, grabbing a towel on the way and stalking out of the bathroom, leaving me bereft and chilled under the hot water. Crap. Crap. Crap. Then the significance of what he’s just said dawns on me. Kidnap? Fuck. Jack wanted to kidnap me? I recall the duct tape and not wanting to think too deeply about why Jack had that. Does Christian have more information? Hurriedly I wash myself, then shampoo and rinse my hair. I want to know. I need to know. I am not going to let him keep me in the dark about this. Christian’s not in the bedroom when I come out. Jeez, he dresses quickly. I do the same, throwing on my favorite plum dress and black sandals, and I’m conscious that I’ve chosen this outfit because Christian likes it. I vigorously towel-dry my hair, then braid it and wind it into a bun. Fitting diamond studs into my ears, I dash to the bathroom to apply a little mascara. Glancing at myself in the mirror— I’m pale. Jeez, I’m always pale— I take a deep steadying breath. I need to face the consequences of my rash decision to actually enjoy myself with my friend. I sigh, knowing that Christian won’t see it that way. Christian is nowhere to be seen in the great room. Mrs. Jones is busying herself in the kitchen. “Good morning, Ana,” she says sweetly. “Morning,” I smile broadly at her. I am Ana again! “Tea?” “Please.” “Anything to eat?” “Please. I’d like an omelet this morning.” “With mushrooms and spinach?” “And cheese.” “Coming up.” “Where’s Christian?” “Mr. Grey’s in his study.”
“Has he had breakfast?” I glance at the two places set on the breakfast bar. “No, ma’am.” “Thanks.” Christian is on the phone, dressed in a white shirt with no tie, looking like every part the relaxed CEO. How deceptive appearances can be. Perhaps he’s not going into the office after all. He glances up when I appear in the doorway but shakes his head at me, indicating that I am not welcome. Shit . . . I turn and wander dejectedly back to the breakfast bar. Taylor appears, snappily dressed in a somber suit, looking like he’s had eight hours of uninterrupted sleep. “Morning, Taylor,” I murmur, trying to gauge his mood and see if he’ll offer me any visual cues about what has been going on. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he replies, and I hear the sympathy in those four words. I smile compassionately back at him, knowing he had to endure an angry, frustrated Christian returning to Seattle way ahead of schedule. “How was the flight?” I dare to ask. “Long, Mrs. Grey.” His brevity speaks volumes. “May I ask how you are?” he adds, his tone softening. “I’m good.” He nods. “If you’ll excuse me.” He heads toward Christian’s study. Hmm. Taylor’s allowed in, but not me. “Here you go.” Mrs. Jones places my breakfast in front of me. My appetite has vanished, but I eat anyway, not wishing to offend her. By the time I’ve finished what I can of my breakfast, Christian has still not emerged from his study. Is he avoiding me? “Thanks, Mrs. Jones,” I murmur, sliding off the bar stool and making my way to the bathroom to clean my teeth. As I brush them, I’m reminded of Christian’s sulk over the wedding vows. He holed up in his study then, too. Is that what this is? Him sulking? I shudder as I recall his subsequent nightmare. Will that happen again? We really need to talk. I need to know about Jack, and about the increased security for the Greys—all the details that have been kept from me, but not from Kate. Obviously Elliot talks to her. I glance at my watch. It’s eight fifty—I’m late for work. I finish brushing my teeth, apply a little lip gloss, grab my lightweight black jacket and head back to the great room. I am relieved to see Christian there, eating his breakfast. “You’re going?” he says when he sees me.
“To work? Yes, of course.” Bravely, I walk toward him and rest my hands on the edge of the breakfast bar. He gazes at me blankly. “Christian, we’ve hardly been back a week. I have to go to work.” “But—” He stops, and rakes his hand through his hair. Mrs. Jones walks quietly out of the room. Discreet, Gail, discreet. “I know we have a great deal to talk about. Perhaps if you’ve calmed down, we can do it this evening.” His mouth pops open with dismay. “Calmed down?” His voice is eerily soft. I flush. “You know what I mean.” “No, Anastasia, I don’t know what you mean.” “I don’t want a fight. I was coming to ask you if I could take my car.” “No. You can’t,” he snaps. “Okay.” I acquiesce immediately. He blinks. He was obviously expecting a fight. “Prescott will accompany you.” His tone is slightly less belligerent. Dammit, not Prescott. I want to pout and protest but decide against it. Surely now Jack has been caught we can cut back on our security. I remember my mom’s “words of wisdom” talk the day before my wedding. Ana, honey, you really have to choose your battles. It’ll be the same with your kids when you have them. Well, at least he’s letting me go to work. “Okay,” I mutter. And because I don’t want to leave him like this with so much unresolved and so much tension between us, I step tentatively toward him. He stiffens, his eyes widening, and for a moment he looks so vulnerable it pulls at some deep, dark place in my heart. Oh, Christian, I’m so sorry. I kiss him chastely on the side of his mouth. He closes his eyes as if relishing my touch. “Don’t hate me,” I whisper. He grabs my hand. “I don’t hate you.”. “You haven’t kissed me,” I whisper. He eyes me suspiciously. “I know,” he mutters. I’m desperate to ask him why, but I’m not sure I want to know the answer. Abruptly he stands and grabs my face between his hands, and in a flash his lips are hard on mine. I gasp with surprise, inadvertently
granting his tongue access. He takes full advantage, invading my mouth, claiming me . . . and just as I’m beginning to respond he releases me, his breathing quickening. “Taylor will take you and Prescott to SIP,” he says, his eyes flaring with need. “Taylor!” he calls. I flush, trying to recover some composure. “Sir.” Taylor is standing in the doorway. “Tell Prescott Mrs. Grey is going to work. Can you drive them, please?” “Certainly.” Turning on his heel, Taylor disappears. “If you could try to stay out of trouble today, I would appreciate it,” Christian mutters. “I’ll see what I can do.” I smile sweetly. A reluctant half smile tugs at Christian’s lips, but he doesn’t give in to it. “I’ll see you later, then,” he says coolly. “Laters,” I whisper. Prescott and I take the service elevator down to the basement garage in order to avoid the media outside. Jack’s arrest, and the fact he was apprehended in our apartment, is now public knowledge. As I settle into the Audi, I wonder if there will be more paparazzi waiting at SIP like the day our engagement was announced. We drive a while in silence until I remember to call first Ray and then my mom to reassure them Christian and I are safe. Mercifully, both calls are short and I hang up just as we arrive outside SIP. As I feared, there’s a small crowd of reporters and photographers lying in wait. They turn as one, looking expectantly at the Audi. “Are you sure you want to do this, Mrs. Grey?” Taylor asks. Part of me just wants to go home, but that means spending the day with Mr. Burning Rage. Hopefully with a little time he will gain some perspective. Jack is in police custody, so Fifty should be happy, but he’s not. Part of me understands why; too much of this is out of his control including me, but I don’t have time to think about this now. “Take me around to the delivery entrance, please, Taylor.” “Yes, ma’am.”
It’s one o’clock and I’ve managed to immerse myself in work all morning. There’s a knock and Elizabeth pops her head around the door. “Can I have a moment?” she asks brightly. “Sure,” I mutter, surprised at her unscheduled visit. She enters and sits down, tossing her long black hair over her shoulder. “I just wanted to check you’re okay. Roach asked me to pay you a visit,” she adds hurriedly as her face reddens. “I mean with all that went on last night.” Jack Hyde’s arrest is all over the newspapers, but no one seems to have made the connection yet with the fire at GEH. “I’m fine,” I answer, trying not to think too deeply about how I feel. Jack wanted to harm me. Well, that’s not news. He’s tried before. It’s Christian I’m more concerned about. I glance quickly at my e-mail. There’s still nothing from him. I don’t know if I were to send him an e-mail, whether I’d just be provoking Mr. Burning Rage further. “Good,” Elizabeth answers, and her smile actually touches her eyes for a change. “If there’s anything I can do—anything you need—let me know.” “Will do.” Elizabeth stands. “I know how busy you are, Ana. I’ll let you get back to it” “Um . . . thanks.” That has to have been the briefest most pointless meeting in the Western Hemisphere today. Perhaps Roach sent her in here. Perhaps he’s worried, given I’m his boss’s wife. I shake off the dark thoughts and reach for my BlackBerry in the hope that there might be a message from Christian. As I do, my work e-mail pings. From: Christian Grey Subject: Statement Date: August 26, 2011 13:04 To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia
Detective Clark will be visiting your office today at 3 pm to take your statement. I have insisted that he should come to you, as I don’t want you going to the police station. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I gaze at his e-mail for a full five minutes, trying to think of a light and witty response to lift his mood. I draw a complete blank, and opt for brevity instead. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Statement Date: August 26, 2011 13:12 To: Christian Grey Okay. A x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I stare at the screen for another five minutes, anxious for his response but there’s nothing. Christian is not in the mood to play today. I sit back. Can I blame him? My poor Fifty was probably frantic, back in the early hours of this morning. Then a thought occurs to me. He was in his tux when I woke this morning. What time did he decide to come back from New York? He normally leaves functions between ten and eleven. Last night at that hour I was still at large with Kate. Did Christian come home because I was out or because of the Jack incident? If he left because I was out having a good time, he would have had no idea about Jack, about the police, nothing—until he landed in Seattle. It’s suddenly very important to me to find out. If Christian came back merely because I was out, then he was overreacting. My subconscious sucks her teeth, wearing her harpy face. Okay, I’m glad he’s back, so maybe it’s irrelevant. But still—Christian must have had one hell of a shock when he landed. No wonder he’s so
confused today. His earlier words come back to me. “I am still fucking mad at you, Anastasia. You’re making me question my judgment.” I have to know—did he come back because of Cocktailgate or because of the fucking lunatic? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Your Flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:24 To: Christian Grey What time did you decide to come back to Seattle yesterday? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Your flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:26 To: Anastasia Grey Why? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Your Flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:29
To: Christian Grey Call it curiosity. Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Your flight Date: August 26, 2011 13:32 To: Anastasia Grey Curiosity killed the cat. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Huh? Date: August 26, 2011 13:35 To: Christian Grey What is that oblique reference to? Another threat? You know where I am going with this, don’t you? Did you decide to return because I went out for a drink with my friend after you asked me not to, or did you return because a madman was in your apartment? Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP
I stare at my screen. There’s no response. I glance at the clock on my computer. One forty-five and still no response. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Here’s the thing . . . Date: August 26, 2011 13:56 To: Christian Grey I will take your silence as an admission that you did indeed return to Seattle because I CHANGED MY MIND. I am an adult female and went for a drink with my friend. I did not understand the security ramifications of CHANGING MY MIND because YOU NEVER TELL ME ANYTHING. I found out from Kate that security has, in fact, been stepped up for all the Greys, not just us. I think you generally overreact where my safety is concerned, and I understand why, but you’re like the boy crying wolf. I never have a clue about what is a real concern or merely something that is perceived as a concern by you. I had two of the security detail with me. I thought both Kate and I would be safe. Fact is, we were safer in that bar than at the apartment. Had I been FULLY INFORMED of the situation, I would have taken a different course of action. I understand your concerns are something to do with material that was on Jack’s computer here—or so Kate believes. Do you know how annoying it is to find out my best friend knows more about what’s going on with you than I do? And I am your WIFE. So are you going to tell me? Or will you continue to treat me like a child, guaranteeing that I continue to behave like one? You are not the only one who is fucking pissed. Okay? Ana Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP I hit send. There—stick that in your pipe and smoke it, Grey. I take a deep breath. I have worked myself up into quite a rage. Here was I feeling sorry and guilty for behaving badly. Well, no longer.
From: Christian Grey Subject: Here’s the thing . . . Date: August 26, 2011 13:59 To: Anastasia Grey As ever, Mrs. Grey, you are forthright and challenging in e-mail. Perhaps we can discuss this when you get home to OUR apartment. You should watch your language. I am still fucking pissed, too. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Watch my language! I scowl at my computer, realizing this is getting me nowhere. I don’t respond, but pick up a manuscript recently received from a promising new author and begin to read. My meeting with Detective Clark is uneventful. He is less growly than the night before, maybe because he’s managed some sleep. Or maybe he just prefers working during the day. “Thank you for your statement, Mrs. Grey.” “You’re welcome, detective. Is Hyde in police custody yet?” “Yes ma’am. He was released from hospital earlier this morning. With what he’s charged with, he should be with us for a while.” He smiles, his dark eyes crinkling in the corner. “Good. This has been an anxious time for my husband and me.” “I spoke at length with Mr. Grey this morning. He’s very relieved. Interesting man, your husband.” You have no idea. “Yes, I think so.” I offer him a polite smile, and he knows he’s being dismissed. “If you think of anything, you can call me. Here’s my card.” He wrestles a card out of his wallet and hands it to me.
“Thank you, detective. I’ll do that.” “Good day to you, Mrs. Grey.” “Good day.” As he leaves I wonder exactly what Hyde has been charged with. No doubt Christian won’t tell me. I purse my lips. We ride in silence to Escala. Sawyer is driving this time, Prescott at his side, and my heart grows heavier and heavier as we head back. I know Christian and I are going to have an almighty fight, and I don’t know if I have the energy. As I ride in the elevator from the garage with Prescott beside me, I try to marshal my thoughts. What do I want to say? I think I said it all in my e-mail. Perhaps he’ll give me some answers. I hope so. I can’t help my nerves. My heart is pounding, my mouth is dry, and my palms are sweaty. I don’t want to fight. But sometimes he’s so difficult, and I need to stand my ground. The elevator doors slide open, revealing the foyer, and it’s once more neat and tidy. The table is upright and a new vase is in place with a gorgeous array of pale pink and white peonies. I quickly check the paintings as we wander through—the Madonnas all look to be intact. The broken foyer door is fixed and operational once more, and Prescott kindly opens it for me. She’s been so quiet today. I think I prefer her this way. I drop my briefcase in the hall and head into the great room. I stop. Holy fuck. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey,” Christian says softly. He’s standing by the piano, dressed in a tight black T- shirt, and jeans . . . those jeans— the ones he wore in the playroom. Oh my. They are over washed pale blue denim, snug, ripped at the knee and hot. He saunters over to me, his feet bare, the top button of the jeans undone, his smoldering eyes never leaving mine. “Good to have you home. I’ve been waiting for you.”
Chapter Eleven “Have you now?” I whisper. My mouth goes drier still, my heart pounding in my chest. Why’s he dressed like this? What does it mean? Is he still sulking? “I have.” His voice is kitten soft, but he’s smirking as he strolls closer to me. Holy crap he looks hot—his jeans hanging, that way, from his hips. Oh no, I’m not going to be distracted by Mr. Sex-on-legs. I try to gauge his mood as he stalks toward me. Angry? Playful? Lustful? Gah! It’s impossible to tell. “I like your jeans,” I murmur. He grins a disarming wolfish grin that doesn’t reach his eyes. Shit—he’s still mad. He’s wearing these to distract me . . . He halts in front of me, and I’m seared by his intensity. He gazes down, wide unreadable eyes burning into mine. I swallow. “I understand you have issues, Mrs. Grey,” he says silkily, and he pulls something from the back pocket of his jeans. I can’t tear my gaze from his but hear him unfold a piece of paper. He holds it up, and glancing briefly in its direction, I recognize my e-mail. My gaze returns to his, as his eyes blaze bright with anger. “Yes, I have issues,” I whisper, feeling breathless. I need distance if we’re going to discuss this. But before I can step back, he leans down and runs his nose along mine. My eyes flutter to a close as I welcome his unexpected, gentle touch. “So do I,” he whispers against my skin, and I open my eyes at his words. He straightens and gazes intently at me once more. “I think I’m familiar with your issues, Christian.” My voice is wry, and he narrows his eyes, suppressing the amusement that sparks there momentarily. Are we going to fight? I take a precautionary step back. I must physically distance myself from him—from his smell, his look, his distracting body in those hot jeans. He frowns as I move away. “Why did you fly back from New York?” I whisper. Let’s get this over and done with. “You know why.” His tone carries a warning ring. “Because I went out with Kate?”
“Because you went back on your word and you defied me—putting yourself at unnecessary risk.” “Went back on my word? Is that how you see it?” I gasp, ignoring the rest of his sentence. “Yes.” Holy crap. Talk about overreaction! I start to roll my eyes but stop when he scowls at me. “Christian, I changed my mind,” I explain slowly, patiently as if he’s a child. “I’m a woman. We’re renowned for it. That’s what we do.” He blinks at me as if he doesn’t comprehend this. “If I had thought for one minute that you would cancel your business trip . . .” Words fail me. I realize I don’t know what to say. I am momentarily catapulted back to the argument over our vows. I never promised to obey you, Christian. But I hold my tongue, because deep down I’m glad he came back. In spite of his fury, I’m glad he’s here in one piece, angry and smoldering in front of me. “You changed your mind?” He can’t hide his contemptuous disbelief. “Yes.” “And you didn’t think to call me?” He glares at me, incredulous, before continuing. “What’s more, you left the security detail short here and put Ryan at risk.” Oh. I hadn’t thought about that. “I should have called, but I didn’t want to worry you. If I had, I’m sure you would have forbidden me to go and I’ve missed Kate. I wanted to see her. Besides, it kept me out of the way when Jack was here. Ryan shouldn’t have let him in.” This is so confusing. If Ryan hadn’t, Jack would still be at large. Christian’s eyes gleam wildly, then shut, his face tightening as if in pain. Oh no. What’s he going to do? He shakes his head, and before I know it he has folded me in his arms, pulling me hard against him. “Oh Ana,” he whispers as he tightens his hold on me so that I can barely breathe. “If something were to happen to you—” His voice is barely a whisper. “It didn’t,” I manage to say. “But it could have. I’ve died a thousand deaths today thinking about what might have happened. I was so mad, Ana. Mad at you. Mad at myself. Mad at everyone. I can’t remember being this angry . . . except—” He stops again. Oh?
“Except?” I prompt. “Once in your old apartment. When Leila was there.” Oh. Then. I don’t want to think about that. “You were so cold this morning,” I murmur. My voice cracks on the last word as I remember the hideous feeling of rejection in the shower. His hands move to the nape of my neck, loosening their grip on me, and I take a deep breath. He pulls my head back. “I don’t know how to deal with this anger. I don’t think I want to hurt you,” he says, his eyes wide and wary. “This morning, I wanted to punish you, badly and—” He stops, lost for words I think, or too afraid to say them. “You were worried you’d hurt me?” I finish his sentence for him, not believing that he’d hurt me for a minute, but relieved, too. A small vicious part of me feared it was because he didn’t want me anymore. “I didn’t trust myself,” he says quietly. “Christian, I know you’d never hurt me. Not physically, anyway.” I clasp his head between my hands. “Do you?” he asks, and there’s skepticism in his voice. “Yes. I knew what you said was an empty, idle threat. I know you’re not going to beat the shit out of me.” “I wanted to.” “No you didn’t. You just thought you did.” “I don’t know if that’s true,” he murmurs. “Think about it,” I urge, wrapping my arms around him once more and nuzzling his chest through the black T-shirt. “About how you felt when I left. You’ve told me often enough what that did to you. How it altered your view of the world, of me. I know what you’ve given up for me. Think about how you felt about the cuff marks on our honeymoon.” He stills, and I know he’s processing this information. I tighten my arms around him, my hands on his back, feeling his taut toned muscles beneath his T-shirt. Gradually, he relaxes as the tension slowly ebbs away. Is this what’s been worrying him? That he’ll hurt me? Why do I have more faith in him than he has in himself? I don’t understand, surely we’ve moved on. He’s normally so strong, so in control, but without
that, he’s lost. Oh Fifty, Fifty, Fifty—I’m sorry. He kisses my hair, and I turn my face up to his, and his lips find mine, searching, taking, giving, begging—for what, I don’t know. I just want to feel his mouth on mine, and I return his kiss passionately. “You have such faith in me,” he whispers after he breaks away. “I do.” He strokes my face with the back of his knuckles and the tip of his thumb, gazing intently into my eyes. His anger has gone. My Fifty is back from wherever he’s been. It’s good to see him. I glance shyly up and smirk. “Besides,” I whisper, “you don’t have the paperwork.” His mouth drops open in amused shock, and he clutches me to his chest again. “You’re right. I don’t,” he laughs. We stand in the middle of the great room, locked in our embrace, just holding each other. “Come to bed,” he whispers, after heaven knows how long. Oh my . . . “Christian, we need to talk.” “Later,” he urges softly. “Christian, please. Talk to me.” He sighs. “About what?” “You know. You keep me in the dark.” “I want to protect you.” “I’m not a child.” “I am fully aware of that, Mrs. Grey.” He runs his hands down my body and cups my backside. Flexing his hips he presses his growing erection into me. “Christian!” I scold. “Talk to me.” He sighs once more with exasperation. “What do you want to know?” His voice is resigned as he releases me. I baulk— I didn’t mean you had to let me go. Taking my hand, he reaches down to pick up my e-mail from the floor. “Lots of things,” I mutter, as I let him lead me to the couch.
“Sit,” he orders. Some things never change, I muse, doing as I’m told. Christian sits beside me, and leaning forward, puts his head in his hands. Oh no. Is this too hard for him? Then he sits up, rakes both hands through his hair, and turns to me, at once expectant and reconciled to his fate. “Ask me,” he says simply. Oh. Well, that was easier than I thought. “Why the additional security for your family?” “Hyde was a threat to them.” “How do you know?” “From his computer. It held personal details about me and the rest of my family. Especially Carrick.” “Carrick? Why him?” “I don’t know yet. Let’s go to bed.” “Christian, tell me!” “Tell you what?” “You are so . . . exasperating.” “So are you.” He glares at me. “You didn’t ramp up the security when you first found out there was information about your family on the computer. So what happened? Why now?” Christian narrows his eyes at me. “I didn’t know he was going to attempt to burn down my building, or—” He stops. “We thought it was an unwelcome obsession, but you know”—he shrugs—“when you’re in the public eye, people are interested. It was random stuff: news reports on me from when I was at Harvard—my rowing, my career. Reports on Carrick—following his career, following my mom’s career—and to some extent, Elliot and Mia. How strange. “You said or,” I prompt. “Or what?” “You said, ‘attempt to burn down my building, or . . .’ like you were going to say something else.”
“Are you hungry?” What? I frown at him, and my stomach rumbles. “Did you eat today?” His voice is sterner and his eyes frost. I’m betrayed by my flush. “As I thought.” His voice is clipped. “You know how I feel about you not eating. Come,” he says. He stands and holds out his hand. “Let me feed you.” And he shifts again . . . this time his voice full of sensual promise. “Feed me?” I whisper as everything south of my navel liquefies. Hell. This is such a typically mercurial diversion from what we’ve been discussing. Is that it? Is that all I’m getting out of him for now? Leading me over to the kitchen, Christian grabs a bar stool and hefts it around to the other side of the island. “Sit,” he says. “Where’s Mrs. Jones?” I ask, noticing her absence for the first time as I perch on the stool. “I’ve given her and Taylor the night off.” Oh. “Why?” He gazes at me for a beat, and his arrogant amusement is back. “Because I can.” “So you’re going to cook?” I give him an incredulous smirk. “Oh, ye of little faith, Mrs. Grey. Close your eyes.” I blink at him, marveling. I thought we were going to have a full-on fight, and here we are, playing in the kitchen. “Close them,” he orders. I roll them first, then oblige.
“Hmm. Not good enough,” he mutters. I open one eye and see him take a plum-colored silk scarf out of the back pocket of his jeans. It matches my dress. Holy cow. I look quizzically at him. When did he get that? “Close,” he orders again. “No peeking.” “You’re going to blindfold me?” I mutter, shocked. All of a sudden I’m breathless. “Yes.” “Christian—” He places a finger upon my lips, silencing me. I want to talk. “We’ll talk later. I want you to eat now. You said you were hungry.” Leaning over, he lightly kisses my lips. The silk of the scarf is soft against my eyelids as he ties it securely at the back of my head. “Can you see?” he asks. “No,” I mutter, figuratively rolling my eyes. He chuckles softly. “I can tell when you’re rolling your eyes, you know . . . and you know how that makes me feel.” I purse my lips. “Can we just get this over and done with?” I snap. “Such impatience, Mrs. Grey. So eager to talk.” His tone is playful. “Yes!” “I must feed you first,” he says and brushes his lips over my temple, calming me instantly. Okay . . . have it your way. I resign myself to my fate and listen to his movements around the kitchen. The fridge door opens and Christian places various dishes on the countertop behind me. He pads over to the microwave, pops something in, and turns it on. My curiosity is piqued. I hear the toaster lever drop, the turn of the control, and the quiet tick of the timer. Hmm—toast? “Yes. I am eager to talk,” I murmur, distracted. An assortment of exotic, spicy aromas fills the kitchen. What is he doing? I shift in my chair. “Be still, Anastasia,” he murmurs, and he’s close to me again. “I want you to behave . . . ,” he whispers. Oh my. My inner goddess freezes, not even blinking. “And don’t bite your lip.” Gently he tugs my bottom lip free of my teeth, and I can’t help my smile. Next, I hear the soft pop of a cork being drawn from a bottle and the gentle glug of wine being poured into a glass. He leans across behind me and I hear a soft click and the quiet white noise of the
surroundsound speakers hissing to life. A loud twang of a guitar begins a song I don’t know. Christian turns the volume down to background level. A man starts to sing, his voice deep, low, and sexy. “A drink first, I think,” Christian whispers, diverting me from the song. “Head back.” I tip my head back. “Further,” he prompts. I oblige, and his lips are on mine. Cool crisp wine flows into my mouth. I swallow reflexively. Oh my, and memories flood back of not so long ago—me trussed up on my bed in Vancouver before I graduated, with a hot, angry Christian not appreciating my e-mail. Hmm . . . have times changed? Not much. Except now I recognize the wine, Christian’s favorite—a Sancerre. “Hmm,” I murmur in appreciation. “You like the wine?” he whispers his breath warm on my cheek. I’m bathed in his proximity, his vitality, the heat radiating from his body, even though he doesn’t touch me. “Yes,” I breathe. “More?” “I always want more, with you.” I almost hear his grin. It makes me grin, too. “Mrs. Grey, are you flirting with me?” “Yes.” His wedding ring clinks against the glass as he takes another sip of wine. Now that is a sexy sound. This time he pulls my head right back, cradling me. He kisses me once more, and greedily I swallow the wine he gives me. He smiles as he kisses me again. “Hungry?” “I think we’ve already established that, Mr. Grey.” The troubadour on the iPod is singing about wicked games. Hmm . . . how apt. The microwave pings, and Christian releases me. I sit upright. The food smells spicy: garlic, mint, oregano, rosemary, and lamb, I think. What is he cooking? The door to the microwave opens, and the appetizing smell grows stronger. “Shit! Christ!” Christian curses, and a dish clatters onto the countertop. Oh no.
“You okay?” “Yes!” he snaps, his voice tight. A moment later he’s standing beside me once more. “I just burnt myself. Here.” He eases his index finger into my mouth. “Maybe you could suck it better.” “Oh.” Clasping his hand, I draw his finger slowly from my mouth. “There, there,” I soothe, and leaning forward I blow, cooling his finger, then kiss it gently twice. He stops breathing. I reinsert it into my mouth and suck gently. He inhales sharply, and the sound travels straight to my groin. He tastes as delicious as ever, and I realize that this is his game—the slow seduction of his wife. I thought he was mad, and now . . . ? This man, my husband, is so confusing. But right now this is how I like him. Playful. Fun. Sexy as hell. He’s given me some answers, but I’m greedy. I want more, but I want to play, too. After the anxiety and tension of today, and the nightmare of last night with Jack, this is a welcome diversion. “What are you thinking?” Christian murmurs, stopping my thoughts in their tracks as he pulls his finger out of my mouth. “How mercurial you are.” He stills beside me. “Fifty Shades, baby,” he says eventually, and plants a tender kiss at the corner of my mouth. “My Fifty Shades,” I whisper. Grabbing his T-shirt, I pull him back to me. “Oh no you don’t, Mrs. Grey. No touching . . . not yet.” He takes my hand, pries it off his T-shirt, and kisses each finger in turn. “Sit up,” he commands. I pout. “I will spank you if you pout. Now open wide.” Oh shit. I open my mouth, and he pops in a forkful of spicy hot lamb, covered in a cool, minty, yogurt sauce. Mmm. I chew. “You like?” “Yes.” He makes an appreciative noise, and I know he’s eating and enjoying, too.
“More?” I nod. He gives me another forkful and I chew it enthusiastically. He puts the fork down and he tears . . . bread, I think. “Open,” he orders. This time it’s pita bread and hummus. I realize Mrs. Jones—or maybe even Christian—has been shopping at the delicatessen I discovered about five weeks ago only two blocks from Escala. I chew gratefully. Christian in a playful mood increases my appetite. “More?” he asks. I nod. “More of everything. Please. I’m starving.” I hear his delighted grin. Slowly and patiently he feeds me, occasionally kissing a morsel of food from the corner of my mouth or wiping it off with his fingers. Intermittently, he offers me a sip of wine in his unique way. “Open wide, then bite,” he murmurs. I follow his command. Hmm—one of my favorites, stuffed vine leaves. Even cold they are delicious, though I prefer them heated up, but I don’t want to risk Christian burning himself again. He feeds it to me slowly, and when I’ve finished I lick his fingers clean. “More?” he asks, his voice low and husky. I shake my head. I’m full. “Good,” he whispers against my ear,” because it’s time for my favorite course. You.” What? He scoops me up in his arms, surprising me so much I squeal. “Can I take the blindfold off?” “No.” I almost pout, then remember his threat and think better of it. “Playroom,” he murmurs. Oh—I don’t know if that’s a good idea. “You up for the challenge?” he asks. And because he’s used the word challenge, I can’t say no.
“Bring it on,” I murmur, desire and something that I don’t want to name thrumming through my body. He carries me through the door, then up the stairs to the second floor. “I think you’ve lost weight,” he mutters disapprovingly. I have? Good. I remember his comment when we arrived back from our honeymoon, and how much it smarted. Jeez—was that just a week ago? Outside the playroom, he slides me down his body and sets me on my feet, but keeps his arm wrapped around my waist. Briskly he unlocks the door. It always smells the same: polished wood and citrus. It’s actually become a comforting smell. Releasing me, Christian turns me around until I’m facing away from him. He undoes the scarf, and I blink in the soft light. Gently, he pulls the hairpins from my updo, and my braid falls free. He grasps it and tugs gently so I have to step back against him. “I have a plan,” he whispers in my ear, sending delicious shivers down my spine. “I thought you might,” I answer. He kisses me beneath my ear. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, I do.” His tone is soft, mesmerizing. He tugs my braid to the side and plants a trail of soft kisses down my throat. “First we have to get you naked.” His voice hums low in his throat and resonates through my body. I want this—whatever he has planned. I want to connect the way we know how. He turns me around to face him. I glance down at his jeans, the top button still undone, and I can’t help myself. Reaching out, I brush my index finger around the waistband, feeling the hairs of his happy trail tickle my knuckle. He inhales sharply, and I look up to meet his eyes. I stop at the unfastened button. His eyes darken to a deeper gray . . . oh my. “You should keep these on,” I whisper. “I fully intend to, Anastasia.” And he moves, grabbing me with one hand to the back of my neck and the other around my backside. He pulls me against him, then his mouth is on mine and he’s kissing me like his life depends on it. Whoa! He walks me backward, our tongues entwined, until I feel the wooden cross behind me. He leans into me, the contours of his body pressing into mine. “Let’s get rid of this dress,” he says, peeling my dress up my thighs, my hips, my belly . . . deliciously slowly, the material skimming over my skin, skimming over my breasts.
“Lean forward,” he says. I comply, and he pulls my dress over my head and discards it on the floor, leaving me in my sandals, panties, and bra. His eyes blaze as he grasps both my hands and raises them over my head. He blinks once and tilts his head to one side, and I know he’s asking for my permission. What is he going to do to me? I swallow, then nod, and a trace of an admiring—almost proud—smile touches his lips. He clips my wrists into the leather cuffs on the bar above and produces the scarf once more. “Think you’ve seen enough,” he murmurs. He wraps it around my head, blindfolding me again, and I feel a frisson run through me as all my other senses heighten; the sound of his soft breathing, my own excited response, the blood pulsing in my ears, Christian’s scent mixed with the citrus and polish in the room—all are bought into sharper focus because I can’t see. His nose touches mine. “I’m going to drive you wild,” he whispers. His hands grasp my hips, and he moves down, removing my panties as his hands glide down my legs. Drive me wild . . . wow. “Lift your feet, one at a time.” I oblige and he removes first my panties, then each sandal in turn. Gently grasping my ankle, he tugs my leg gently to the right. “Step,” he says. He cuffs my right ankle to the cross then proceeds to do the same with my left. I am helpless, spread-eagled on the cross. Standing, Christian steps toward me, and my body is bathed in his warmth once more though he doesn’t touch me. After a moment he grasps my chin, tilts my head up, and kisses me chastely. “Some music and toys, I think. You look beautiful like this, Mrs. Grey. I may take a moment to admire the view.” His voice is soft. Everything clenches, deep inside. After a moment, maybe two, I hear him pad quietly to the museum chest and open one of the drawers. The butt drawer? I have no idea. He takes something out and places it on the top, followed by something else. What? The speakers spring to life, and after a moment the strains of a single piano playing a soft, lilting melody fill the room. It’s familiar—Bach, I think—but I don’t know what piece it is. Something about the music makes me apprehensive. Perhaps because the music is too cool, too detached. I frown, trying to grasp why it unsettles me, but Christian grasps my chin, startling me, and tugs gently so that I release my bottom lip. I smile, trying to reassure myself. Why do feel uneasy? Is it the music? Christian runs his hand from my chin, along my throat, and down my chest to my breast. Using his thumb he pulls on the cup, freeing my breast from the restraint of my bra. He makes a low, appreciative humming noise in his throat and kisses my neck. His lips follow the path of his fingers to my breast,
kissing and sucking all the way. His fingers move to my left breast, releasing it from my bra. I moan as he skates his thumb across my left nipple, and his lips close around my right, tugging and teasing gently until both nipples are long and hard. “Ah.” He doesn’t stop. Slowly, with exquisite care, he increases the intensity on each. I pull fruitlessly against my restraints as sharp pleasure spikes from my nipples to my groin. I try to squirm but I can hardly move, and it makes the torture all the more exquisite. “Christian,” I plead. “I know,” he murmurs his voice hoarse. “This is what you make me feel.” What? I groan, and he begins again, subjecting my nipples to his sweet agonizing touch over and over— taking me closer. “Please,” I mewl. He makes a low primal sound in his throat, then stands, leaving me bereft, breathless, and squirming against my restraints. He runs his hands down my sides, one pausing on my hip while the other travels down my belly. “Let’s see how you’re doing,” he croons softly. Gently, he cups my sex, brushing his thumb across my clitoris and making me cry out. Slowly, he inserts one, then two fingers inside me. I groan and thrust my hips forward, eager to meet his fingers and the palm of his hand. “Oh, Anastasia, you’re so ready,” he says. He circles his fingers inside me, around and around, while his thumb strokes my clitoris, back and forth, once more. It’s the only point on my body where he’s touching me, and all the tension, all the anxiety of the day, is concentrated on this one part of my anatomy. Holy shit . . . it’s intense . . . and strange . . . the music . . . I begin to build . . . Christian shifts, his hand still moving against and in me, and I hear a low buzzing noise. “What?” I gasp. “Hush,” he soothes, and his lips are on mine, effectively silencing me. I welcome the warmer, more intimate contact, kissing him voraciously. He breaks the contact and the buzzing noise gets nearer. “This is a wand, baby. It vibrates.”
He holds it against my chest, and it feels like a large ball-like object vibrating against me. I shiver as it moves across my skin, down between my breasts, across to first one, then the other nipple, and I’m awash with sensation, tingling everywhere, synapses firing as dark, dark need pools at the base of my belly. “Ah,” I groan, while Christian’s fingers continue to move inside me . I’m close . . . all this stimulation . . . Tilting my head back, I moan loudly and Christian stills his fingers. All sensation stops. “No! Christian,” I plead, trying to thrust my hips forward for some friction. “Still, baby,” he says while my impending orgasm melts away. He leans forward once more and kisses me. “Frustrating, isn’t it?” he murmurs. Oh no! Suddenly I understand his game. “Christian, please.” “Hush,” he says and kisses me. And he starts to move again—wand, fingers, thumb—a lethal combination of sensual torture. He shifts so his body brushes against mine. He’s still dressed, and the soft denim of his jeans brushes against my leg, his erection at my hip. So tantalizingly close. He brings me to the brink again, my body singing with need, and stops. “No,” I mewl loudly. He plants soft wet kisses on my shoulder as he withdraws his fingers from me, and moves the wand down. It oscillates over my stomach, my belly, onto my sex, against my clitoris. Fuck, it’s intense. “Ah!” I cry out, pulling hard on the restraints. My body is so sensitized I feel I am going to explode, and just as I am, Christian stops again. “Christian!” I cry out. “Frustrating, yes?” he murmurs against my throat. “Just like you. Promising one thing and then . . .” His voice trails off. “Christian, please!” I beg. He pushes the wand against me again and again, stopping just at the vital moment each time. Ah!
“Each time I stop, it feels more intense when I start again. Right?” “Please,” I whimper. My nerve endings are screaming for release. The buzzing stops and Christian kisses me. He runs his nose down mine. “You are the most frustrating woman I have ever met.” No, No, No. “Christian, I never promised to obey you. Please, please—” He moves in front of me, grabs my behind and pushes his hips against me, making me gasp—his groin rubbing into mine, the buttons of his jeans pressing into me, barely containing his erection. With one hand he pulls off the blindfold and grasps my chin, and I blink up into his scorching eyes. “You drive me crazy,” he whispers, flexing his hips against me once, twice, three times more, causing my body to spark—ready to burn. And again he denies me. I want him so badly. I need him so badly. I close my eyes and mutter a prayer. I can’t help but feel I’m being punished. I’m helpless and he’s ruthless. Tears spring to my eyes. I don’t know how far he’s going to take this. “Please,” I whisper once more. But he gazes down at me, implacable. He’s just going to continue. For how long? Can I play this game? No. No. No—I can’t do this. I know he’s not going to stop. He’s going to continue to torture me. His hand travels down my body once more. No . . . And the dam bursts—all the apprehension, the anxiety, and the fear from the last couple of days overwhelming me anew as tears spring to my eyes. I turn away from him. This is not love. It’s revenge. “Red,” I whimper. “Red. Red.” The tears course down my face. He stills. “No,” he gasps, stunned. “Jesus Christ, no.” He moves quickly, unclipping my hands, clasping me around my waist and leaning down to unclip my ankles, while I put my head in my hands and weep. “No, no, no. Ana, please. No.” Picking me up, he moves to the bed, sitting down and cradling me in his lap while I sob inconsolably. I’m overwhelmed . . . my body wound up to breaking point, my mind a blank and my emotions scattered to the wind. He reaches behind him, drags the satin sheet off the four-poster bed and drapes it around me. The cool sheets feel alien and unwelcome against my sensitized skin. He wraps his arms around me, hugging me close, rocking me gently backward and forward. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry,” Christian murmurs, his voice raw. He kisses my hair over and over again. “Ana, forgive me, please.”
Turning my face into his neck, I continue to cry, and it’s a cathartic release. So much has happened over the last few days—fires in computer rooms, car chases, careers planned out for me, slutty architects, armed lunatics in the apartment, arguments, his anger—and Christian has been away. I hate Christian going away . . . I use the corner of the sheet to wipe my nose and gradually become aware that the clinical tones of Bach are still echoing around the room. “Please switch the music off.” I sniff. “Yes, of course.” Christian shifts, not letting me go, and pulls the remote out of his back pocket. He presses a button and the piano music ceases, to be replaced by my shuddering breaths. “Better?” he asks. I nod, my sobs easing. Christian wipes my tears away gently with his thumb. “Not a fan of Bach’s Goldberg Variations?” he asks. “Not that piece.” He gazes down at me, trying and failing to hide the shame in his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he says again. “Why did you do that?” My voice is barely audible as I try to process my scrambled thoughts and feelings. He shakes his head sadly and closes his eyes. “I got lost in the moment,” he says unconvincingly. I frown at him, and he sighs. “Ana. Orgasm denial is a standard tool in––You never—” He stops. I shift in his lap, and he winces. Oh. I flush. “Sorry,” I mutter. He rolls his eyes, then leans back suddenly, taking me with him, so that we’re both lying on the bed, me in his arms. My bra is uncomfortable, and I adjust it. “Need a hand?” he asks quietly. I shake my head. I don’t want him to touch my breasts. He shifts so he’s looking down at me, and tentatively raising his hand, he strokes his fingers gently down my face. Tears pool in my eyes again. How can he be so callous one minute and so tender the next? “Please don’t cry,” he whispers. I’m dazed and confused by this man. My anger has deserted me in my hour of need . . . I feel numb. I want to curl up in a ball and withdraw. I blink, trying to hold back my tears as I gaze into his harrowed
eyes. I take a shuddering breath, my eyes not leaving his. What am I going to do with this controlling man? Learn to be controlled? I don’t think so . . . “I never what?” I ask “Do as you’re told. You changed your mind; you didn’t tell me where you were. Ana, I was in New York, powerless and livid. If I’d been in Seattle I’d have brought you home.” “So you are punishing me?” He swallows, then closes his eyes. He doesn’t have to answer, and I know that punishing me was his exact intention. “You have to stop doing this,” I murmur. His brow furrows. “For a start, you only end up feeling shittier about yourself.” He snorts. “That’s true,” he mutters. “I don’t like to see you like this.” “And I don’t like feeling like this. You said on the Fair Lady that you hadn’t married a submissive.” “I know. I know.” His voice is soft and raw. “Well stop treating me like one. I’m sorry I didn’t call you. I won’t be so selfish again. I know you worry about me.” He gazes at me, scrutinizing me closely, his eyes bleak and anxious. “Okay. Good,” he says eventually. He leans down, but pauses before his lips touch mine, silently asking if it’s allowed. I raise my face to his, and he kisses me tenderly. “Your lips are always so soft when you’ve been crying,” he murmurs. “I never promised to obey you, Christian,” I whisper. “I know.” “Deal with it, please. For both our sakes. And I will try and be more considerate of your . . . controlling tendencies.” He blinks, looking lost and vulnerable, completely at sea.
“I’ll try,” he murmurs, his voice burning with sincerity. I sigh, a long shuddering sigh. “Please do. Besides, if I had been here . . .” “I know,” he says and blanches. Lying back, he puts his free arm over his face. I curl around him and lay my head on his chest. We both lie silent for a few moments. His hand moves to the end of my braid. He pulls the tie from it, freeing my hair, and gently, rhythmically, combs his fingers through it. This is what this is really about—his fear . . . his irrational fear for my safety. An image of Jack Smith slumped on the floor in my apartment with a Glock comes to mind . . . well, maybe not so irrational, which reminds me . . . “What did you mean earlier, when you said or?” I ask. “Or?” “Something about Jack.” He peers down at me. “You don’t give up, do you?” I rest my chin on his sternum, enjoying the soothing caress of his fingers in my hair. “Give up? Never. Tell me. I don’t like being kept in the dark. You seem to have some overblown idea that I need protecting. You don’t even know how to shoot—I do. Do you think I can’t handle whatever it is you won’t tell me, Christian? I’ve had your stalker ex-sub pull a gun on me, your pedophile ex-lover harass me—and don’t look at me like that,” I snap when he scowls at me. “Your mother feels the same way about her.” “You talked to my mother about Elena?” Christian’s voice rises a few octaves. “Yes, Grace and I talked about her.” He gapes at me. “She’s very upset about it. Blames herself.” “I can’t believe you spoke to my mother. Shit!” He lies down and puts his arm over his face again. “I didn’t go into any specifics.” “I should hope not. Grace doesn’t need all the gory details. Christ, Ana. My dad, too?” “No!” I shake my head vehemently. I don’t have that kind of relationship with Carrick. His comments about the prenup still sting.
“Anyway, you’re trying to distract me—again. Jack. What about him?” Christian lifts his arm briefly and gazes at me, his expression unreadable. Sighing, he puts his arm back over his face. “Hyde is implicated in Charlie Tango’s sabotage. The investigators found a partial print—just partial, so they couldn’t make a match. But then you recognized Hyde in the server room. He has convictions as a minor in Detroit, and the prints matched his.” My mind reels as I try to absorb this information. Jack brought down Charlie Tango? But Christian is on a roll. “This morning, a cargo van was found in the garage here. Hyde was the driver. Yesterday, he delivered some shit to that new guy who’s moved in. The guy we met in the elevator.” “I don’t remember his name.” “Me neither.” Christian says. “But that’s how Hyde managed to get into the building legitimately. He was working for a delivery company—” “And? What’s so important about the van?” Christian says nothing. “Christian, tell me.” “The cops found . . . things in the van.” He stops again and tightens his hold around me. “What things?” He’s quiet for several moments, and I open my mouth to prompt him again, but he speaks. “A mattress, enough horse tranquilizer to take down a dozen horses, and a note.” His voice has softened to barely a whisper while horror and revulsion roll off him. Holy fuck. “Note?” My voice mirrors his. “Addressed to me.” “What did it say?” Christian shakes his head, indicating he doesn’t know or that he won’t divulge its contents. Oh. “Hyde came here last night with the intention of kidnapping you.”
Christian freezes, his face taut with tension. As he says those words I recall the duct tape, and a shudder runs through me, though deep down this is not news to me. “Shit,” I mutter. “Quite,” Christian says tightly. I try and remember Jack in the office. Was he always insane? How did he think he could get away with this? I mean he was pretty creepy, but this unhinged? “I don’t understand why,” I murmur. “It doesn’t make sense to me.” “I know. The police are digging further, and so is Welch. But we think Detroit is the connection.” “Detroit?” I gaze at him, confused. “Yeah. There’s something there.” “I still don’t understand.” Christian lifts his face and gazes at me, his expression unreadable. “Ana, I was born in Detroit.” Chapter Twelve “I thought you were born here in Seattle,” I murmur. My mind races. What does this have to do with Jack? Christian raises the arm covering his face, reaches behind him, and grabs one of the pillows. Placing it under his head, he settles back and gazes at me, his expression wary. After a moment he shakes his head. “No. Elliot and I were both adopted in Detroit. We moved here shortly after my adoption. Grace wanted to be on the west coast, away from the urban sprawl, and she got a job at Northwest Hospital. I have very little memory of that time. Mia was adopted here.”
“So Jack is from Detroit?” “Yes.” Oh . . . “How do you know?” “I ran a background check when you went to work for him.” Of course he did. “Do you have a manila file on him, too?” I smirk up at him. Christian’s mouth twists as he hides his amusement. “I think it’s pale blue.” His fingers continue to run through my hair. It’s soothing. “What does it say in his file?” Christian blinks. Reaching down he strokes my cheek. “You really want to know?” “Is it that bad?” He shrugs. “I’ve known worse,” he whispers. No! Is he referring to himself? And the image I have of Christian as a small, dirty, fearful, lost boy comes to mind. I curl around him, holding him tighter, pulling the sheet over him, and I lay my cheek against his chest. “What?” he asks, puzzled by my reaction. “Nothing,” I murmur. “No, no. This works both ways, Ana. What is it?” I glance up assessing his apprehensive expression. Resting my cheek upon his chest once more, I decide to tell him. “Sometimes I picture you as a child . . . before you came to live with the Greys.” Christian stiffens. “I wasn’t talking about me. I don’t want your pity, Anastasia. That part of my life is done. Gone.” “It’s not pity,” I whisper, appalled. “It’s sympathy and sorrow— sorrow that anyone could do that to a child.” I take a deep steadying breath as my stomach twists and tears prick my eyes anew. “That part of your life is not done, Christian—how can you say that? You live every day with your past. You told me yourself—Fifty Shades, remember?” My voice is barely audible.
Christian snorts and runs his free hand through his hair, though he remains silent and tense beneath me. “I know it’s why you feel the need to control me. Keep me safe.” “And yet you choose to defy me,” he murmurs baffled, his hand stilling in my hair. I frown. Holy cow! Do I do that deliberately? My subconscious removes her half-moon glasses and chews the end, pursing her lips and nodding. I ignore her. This is confusing—I’m his wife, not his submissive, not some company he’s acquired. I’m not the crack whore who was his mother . . . Fuck. The thought is sickening. Dr. Flynn’s words come back to me: “Just keep doing what you’re doing. Christian is head over heels . . . It’s a delight to see.” That’s it. I’m just doing what I’ve always done. Isn’t that what Christian found attractive in the first place? Oh, this man is so confusing. “Dr. Flynn said I should give you the benefit of the doubt. I think I do—I’m not sure. Perhaps it’s my way of bringing you into the here and now—away from your past,” I whisper. “I don’t know. I just can’t seem to get a handle on how far you’ll overreact.” He’s silent for a moment. “Fucking Flynn,” he mutters to himself. “He said I should continue to behave the way I’ve always behaved with you.” “Did he now?” Christian says dryly. Okay. Here goes nothing. “Christian, I know you loved your mom, and you couldn’t save her. It wasn’t your job to do that. But I’m not her.” He freezes again. “Don’t,” he whispers. “No, listen. Please.” I raise my head to stare into gray eyes that are paralyzed with fear. He’s holding his breath. Oh, Christian . . . my heart constricts. “I’m not her. I’m much stronger than she was. I have you, and you’re so much stronger now, and I know you love me. I love you, too,” I whisper. His brow creases as if my words were not what he expected. “Do you still love me?” he asks. “Of course I do. Christian, I will always love you. No matter what you do to me.” Is this the reassurance he wants? He exhales and closes his eyes, placing his arm over his face again, but hugging me closer, too.
“Don’t hide from me.” Reaching up, I grasp his hand and pull his arm away from his face. “You’ve spent your life hiding. Please don’t, not from me.” He blinks down at me with incredulity and frowns. “Hiding?” “Yes.” He shifts suddenly, rolling over onto his side and moving me so that I am lying beside him on the bed. He reaches up, smoothes my hair off my face and tucks it behind my ear. “You asked me earlier today if I hated you. I didn’t understand why, and now—” He stops, staring down at me as if I’m a complete conundrum. “You still think I hate you?” Now my voice is incredulous. “No.” He shakes his head. “Not now.” He looks relieved. “But I need to know—why did you safe word, Ana?” I blanch. What can I tell him? That he frightened me. That I didn’t know if he’d stop. That I begged him— and he didn’t stop. That I didn’t want things to escalate . . . like—like that one time in here. I shudder as I recall him whipping me with his belt. I swallow. “Because . . . because you were so angry and distant and . . . cold. I didn’t know how far you’d go.” His expression is unreadable. “Were you going to let me come?” My voice is barely a whisper, and I feel a blush steal over my cheeks, but I hold his gaze. “No,” he says eventually. Holy crap. “That’s . . . harsh.” His knuckle gently grazes my cheek. “But effective,” he murmurs. He gazes down at me as if he’s trying to see into my soul, his eyes darkening. After an eternity, he murmurs, “I’m glad you did.” Oh! “Really?” I don’t understand. His lips twist in a sad smile. “Yes. I don’t want to hurt you. I got carried away.” He reaches down and kisses me. “Lost in the moment.”
He kisses me again. “Happens a lot with you.” Oh? And for some bizarre reason the thought pleases me . . . I grin. Why does that make me happy? He grins, too. “I don’t know why you’re grinning, Mrs. Grey.” “Me neither.” He wraps himself around me and places his head on my chest. We are a tangle of naked and denim-clad limbs, and satin red sheets. I stroke his back with one hand and run the fingers of my other hand through his hair. He sighs and relaxes in my arms. “It means I can trust you . . . to stop me. I never want to hurt you,” he murmurs. “I need—” He halts. “You need what?” “I need control, Ana. Like I need you. It’s the only way I can function. I can’t let go of it. I can’t. I’ve tried . . . And yet, with you . . .” He shakes his head in exasperation. I swallow. This is the heart of our dilemma—his need for control and his need for me. I refuse to believe these are mutually exclusive. “I need you, too,” I whisper, hugging him tighter. “I’ll try, Christian. I’ll try to be more considerate.” “I want you to need me,” he murmurs. Holy cow. Of course I need him! “I do.” My voice is impassioned. I need him so much. I love him so much. “I want to look after you.” “You do. All the time. I missed you so much while you were away.” “You did?” He sounds so surprised. “Yes, of course. I hate you going away.” I sense his smile. “You could have come with me.” “Christian, please. Let’s not rehash that argument. I want to work.”
He sighs as I work my fingers gently through his hair. “I love you, Ana.” “I love you, too, Christian. I will always love you.” We both lie still in the calm, quiet after our storm. Listening to the steady beat of his heart, I drift exhausted into sleep. I wake with a start, disorientated. Where am I? The playroom. The lights are still on, softly illuminating the bloodred walls. Christian moans again, and I realize this is what woke me. “No,” he groans. He’s sprawled out beside me, his head back, his eyes screwed shut, his face contorted in anguish. Holy shit. He’s having a nightmare. “No!” he cries out again. “Christian, wake up.” I struggle to sit up, kicking off the sheet. Kneeling beside him, I grab his shoulders and shake him as tears spring to my eyes. “Christian, please. Wake up!” His eyes spring open, gray and wild, his pupils enlarged with fear. He stares vacantly up at me. “Christian, you’re having a nightmare. You’re home. You’re safe.” He blinks, looks around frantically, and frowns as he takes in our surroundings. Then his eyes are back on mine. “Ana,” he breathes, and with no preamble whatsoever he reaches up with both hands, grabbing my face, and pulls me down onto his chest and kisses me. Hard. His tongue invades my mouth, and he tastes of desperation and need. Barely giving me a chance to breathe, he rolls over, his lips locked to mine, so that he’s pressing me into the four-poster’s hard mattress. One of his hands clasps my jaw, the other spreads out on top of my head, keeping me still as his knee parts my legs and he nestles, still clothed in his jeans, between my thighs. “Ana,” he gasps, as if he can’t believe I’m there with him. He gazes down at me for a split second, allowing me a moment to breathe. Then his lips are on mine again, plundering my mouth, taking all I have to give. He groans loudly, flexing his hips into me. His erection sheathed
in denim pushes into my soft flesh. Oh . . . I moan, and all the pent-up sexual tension of earlier erupts, resurfacing with a vengeance, flushing my system with desire and need. Driven by his demons, he urgently kisses my face, my eyes, my cheeks, along my jaw. “I’m here,” I whisper, trying to calm him, our heated, panting breath mingling. I wrap my arms around his shoulders, as I grind my pelvis against his in welcome. “Oh, Ana,” he pants, his voice rough and low. “I need you.” “Me, too,” I whisper urgently, my body desperate for his touch. I want him. I want him now. I want to heal him. I want to heal me . . . I need this. His hand reaches down and tugs on the button of his fly, fumbling momentarily, then freeing his erection. Holy shit. My heart lurches as I fleetingly think I was asleep less than a minute ago. He shifts, staring down at me for a split second, suspended above me. “Yes. Please,” I breathe, my voice hoarse and needy. And in one swift move he buries himself inside me. “Ah!” I cry out, not from any pain, but from surprise at his alacrity. He groans, and his lips find mine again as he pushes into me, over and over, his tongue possessing me, too. He moves frantically, compelled by his fear, his lust, his desire, his—love? I don’t know, but I meet him thrust for thrust, welcoming him. “Ana,” he growls almost inarticulately, and he comes powerfully, pouring himself into me, his face strained, his body rigid, before he collapses with his full weight onto me, panting, and he leaves me hanging . . . again. Holy shit. This is not my night. My inner goddess is preparing to disembowel herself. I hold him, drawing in a lungful of air and practically writhing with need beneath him. He eases out of me and holds me for minutes . . . many minutes. Finally he shakes his head and leans up on his elbows, taking some of his weight. He gazes down at me as if seeing me for the first time. “Oh, Ana. Sweet Jesus.” He bends and kisses me tenderly. “You okay?” I breathe, reaching up and caressing his lovely face. He blinks and nods. He looks shaken and most definitely stirred; my own lost boy. He frowns and stares intently into my eyes as if finally registering where he is. “You?” he asks, concern evident in his voice. “Um . . .” I wriggle beneath him and after a moment he smiles, a slow carnal smile. “Mrs. Grey, you have needs,” he murmurs. He kisses me swiftly, then scoots off the bed.
What? Kneeling on the floor at the end of the bed, he reaches up, grabs me just above the knees and pulls me toward him so my behind is on the edge of the bed. “Sit up,” he murmurs. I struggle into a sitting position, my hair falling like a veil around me, down to my breasts. His gray gaze holds mine as he gently pushes my legs apart as far as they’ll go. I lean back on my hands—knowing full well what he’s going to do. But . . . he’s just . . . um . . . “You are so fucking beautiful, Ana,” he breathes, and I watch his copper-haired head dip and plant a trail of kisses up my right thigh, heading north. My whole body clenches in anticipation. He glances up at me, his eyes darkening through long lashes. “Watch,” he rasps then his mouth is on me. Oh my. I cry out as the world is concentrated at the apex of my thighs, and it’s so erotic— Fuck— watching him. Watching his tongue against what feels like the most sensitive part of my body. And he shows no mercy, teasing and taunting, worshipping me. My body tenses and my arms start to tremble from the strain of staying upright. “No . . . ah,” I murmur. Gently, he eases one long finger inside me and I can bear it no more, collapsing back onto the bed, relishing this mouth and fingers on and in me. Slowly and gently, he massages that sweet, sweet spot deep inside me. And that’s it—I’m gone. I explode around him, crying out an incoherent rendition of his name as my intense orgasm arches my back off the bed. I think I see stars it’s such a visceral primal feeling . . . Vaguely I’m aware that he’s nuzzling my belly, giving me soft, sweet kisses. Reaching down, I caress his hair. “I’m not finished with you yet,” he murmurs. And before I’ve fully come back to Seattle, Planet Earth, he’s reaching for me, grasping my hips and pulling me off the bed to where’s he’s kneeling, and into his waiting lap and onto his waiting erection. I gasp as he fills me. Holy cow . . . “Oh, baby,” he breathes as he wraps his arms around me and stills, cradling my head and kissing my face. He flexes his hips, and pleasure spikes hot and hard from deep within me. He reaches for my behind and lifts me, rocking his groin upward. “Ah,” I moan, and his lips are on mine again as he slowly, oh so slowly, lifts and rocks . . . lifts and rocks. I throw my arms around his neck, surrendering to his gentle rhythm and to wherever he’ll take me. I flex
my thighs, riding him . . . he feels so good. Leaning backward, I tilt my head back, my mouth open wide in a silent expression of my pleasure, reveling in his sweet lovemaking. “Ana,” he breathes, and he leans down, kissing my throat. Holding me tight, slowly easing in and out, pushing me . . . higher and higher . . . so exquisitely timed—a fluid carnal force. Blissful pleasure radiates outward from deep, deep inside me as he holds me so intimately. “I love you, Ana,” he whispers close to my ear, his voice low and harsh, and he lifts me again—up, down, up, down. I curl my hands back around his neck into his hair. “I love you, too, Christian.” Opening my eyes, I find he’s gazing at me, and all I see is his love, shining bright and bold in the soft glow of the playroom light, his nightmare seemingly forgotten. And as I feel my body build toward my release, I realize this is what I wanted—this connection, this demonstration of our love. “Come for me, baby,” he whispers, his voice low. I screw my eyes shut as my body tightens at the low sound of his voice, and I come loudly, spiraling into an intense climax. He stills, his forehead against mine, as he softly whispers my name, wraps his arms around me and finds his own release. He lifts me gently and lays me on the bed. I lie in his arms, wrung out and finally sated. He nuzzles my neck. “Better now?” he whispers. “Hmm.” “Shall we go to bed, or do you want to sleep here?” “Hmm.” “Mrs. Grey, talk to me.” He sounds amused. “Hmm.” “Is that the best you can do?” “Hmm.” “Come. Let me put you to bed. I don’t like sleeping here.” Reluctantly, I shift and turn to face him. “Wait,” I whisper. He blinks at me, looking all wide-eyed and innocent, and at the same time thoroughly fucked and pleased with himself.
“Are you okay?” I ask. He nods, smiling smugly like an adolescent boy. “I am now.” “Oh, Christian,” I scold and reach up to gently stroke his lovely face. “I was talking about your nightmare.” His expression freezes momentarily, then he closes his eyes and tightens his arms around me, burying his face in my neck. “Don’t,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and raw. My heart lurches and twists once more in my chest, and I clutch him tightly, running my hands down his back and through his hair. “I’m sorry,” I whisper, alarmed by his reaction. Holy fuck—how can I keep up with these mood swings? What the hell was his nightmare about? I don’t want to cause him any more pain by making him relive the details. “It’s okay,” I murmur softly, desperate to bring him back to the playful boy of a moment ago. “It’s okay,” I repeat over and over soothingly. “Let’s go to bed,” he says quietly after a while, and he pulls away from me, leaving me empty and aching as he rises from the bed. I scramble after him, keeping the satin sheet wrapped around me, and bend to pick up my clothes. “Leave those,” he says, and before I know it, he scoops me up in his arms. “I don’t want you to trip over this sheet and break your neck.” I put my arms around him marveling that he’s recovered his composure, and nuzzle him as he carries me downstairs to our bedroom. My eyes spring open. Something is wrong. Christian is not in bed, though it’s still dark. Glancing at the radio alarm, I see it’s three twenty in the morning. Where’s Christian? Then I hear the piano. Quickly slipping out of bed, I grab my robe and run down the hallway to the great room. The tune he’s playing is so sad—a mournful lament that I’ve heard him play before. I pause in the doorway and watch him in his pool of light while the achingly sorrowful music fills the room. He finishes then starts the piece again. Why such a plaintive tune? I wrap my arms around myself and listen spellbound as he plays. But my heart aches; Christian, why so sad? Is it because of me? Did I do this? When he finishes, only to start a third time, I can bear it no longer. He doesn’t look up as I near the piano, but shifts to one side so I can sit beside him on the piano stool. He continues to play, and I put my head on his shoulder. He kisses my hair but doesn’t stop playing until he’s finished the piece. I peek up at him and he’s staring down at me, warily. “Did I wake you?” he asks.
“Only because you were gone. What’s that piece called?” “It’s Chopin. It’s one of his preludes in E minor.” Christian pauses. “It’s called Suffocation . . .” Reaching over I take his hand. “You’re really shaken by all this, aren’t you?” He snorts. “A deranged asshole gets into my apartment to kidnap my wife. She won’t do as she’s told. She drives me crazy. She safe words on me.” He closes his eyes briefly and when he opens them again, they are stark and raw. “Yeah, I’m pretty shaken up.” I squeeze his hand. “I’m sorry.” He bends and presses his forehead against mine. “I dreamed you were dead,” he whispers. What? “Lying on the floor—so cold—and you wouldn’t wake up.” Oh, Fifty. “Hey—it was just a bad dream.” Reaching up, I clasp his head in my hands. His eyes burn into mine and the anguish in them is sobering. “I’m here and I’m cold without you in the bed. Come back to bed, please.” I take his hand and stand, waiting to see if he’ll follow me. Finally he stands, too. He’s wearing his pajama bottoms, and they hang in that way he has, and I want to run my fingers along the inside of his waistband, but I resist and lead him back to the bedroom. When I wake he’s curled around me, sleeping peacefully. I relax and enjoy his enveloping heat, his skin on my skin. I lie very still, not wanting to disturb him. Boy, what an evening. I feel like I’ve been run over by a train—the freight train that is my husband. Hard to believe that the man lying beside me, looking so serene and young in his sleep, was so tortured last night . . . and so tortured me last night. I gaze up at the ceiling, and it occurs to me that I always think of Christian as strong and dominating—yet the reality is he’s so fragile, my lost boy. And the irony is that he looks upon me as fragile—and I don’t think I am. Compared to him I’m strong. But am I strong enough for both of us? Strong enough to do what I’m told and give him some peace of mind? I sigh. He’s not asking that much of me. I flit through our conversation of last night. Did we decide
anything other than to both try harder? The bottom line is that I love this man, and I need to chart a course for both of us. One that lets me keep my integrity and independence but still be more for him. I am his more, and he is mine. I resolve to make a special effort this weekend not to give him cause for concern. Christian stirs and lifts his head off my chest, blinking sleepily at me. “Good morning, Mr. Grey.” I smile. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey. Did you sleep well?” He stretches out beside me. “Once my husband stopped making that terrible racket on the piano, yes, I did.” He smiles his shy smile, and I melt. “Terrible racket? I’ll be sure to e-mail Miss Kathie and let her know.” “Miss Kathie?” “My piano teacher.” I giggle. “That’s a lovely sound,” he says. “Shall we have a better day today?” “Okay,” I agree. “What do you want to do?” “After I have made love to my wife, and she’s cooked me breakfast, I’d like to take her to Aspen.” I gape at him. “Aspen?” “Yes.” “Aspen, Colorado?” “The very same. Unless they’ve moved it. After all, you did pay twenty-four thousand dollars for the experience.” I grin at him. “ That was your money.” “Our money.” “It was your money when I made the bid.” I roll my eyes. “Oh, Mrs. Grey, you and your eye rolling,” he whispers as he runs his hand up my thigh.
“Won’t it take hours to get to Colorado?” I ask to distract him. “Not by jet,” he says silkily as his hand reaches my behind. Of course—my husband has a jet. How could I forget? His hand continues to skim up my body, lifting my nightdress as it goes, and soon I’ve forgotten everything. Taylor drives us onto the tarmac at Sea-Tac and around to where the GEH jet is waiting. It’s a gray day in Seattle, but I refuse to let the weather dampen my soaring spirits. Christian is in a much better mood— he’s excited about something; lit up like Christmas, and twitching like a small boy with a big secret. I wonder what scheme he’s dreamed up. He looks dreamy—all tousled hair, white T-shirt and black jeans—not CEO-like at all today. He takes my hand as Taylor glides to a stop at the foot of the jet steps. “I have a surprise for you,” he murmurs and kisses my knuckles. I grin at him. “Good surprise?” “I hope so.” He smiles warmly. Hmm . . . what can it be? Sawyer leaps out from the front and opens my door. Taylor opens Christian’s then retrieves our cases from the trunk. Stephan is waiting at the top of the stairs when we enter the aircraft. I glance into the cockpit to see First Officer Beighley flipping switches on the imposing instrument panel. Christian and Stephan shake hands. “Good morning, sir.” Stephan beams at Christian. “Thanks for doing this at such short notice.” Christian grins back at him. “Our guests here?” “Yes sir,” Stephan replies. Guests? I turn and gasp. Kate, Elliot, Mia, and Ethan are all seated in the cream leather seats, smiling at us. Wow! My eyes whip to Christian’s. “Surprise!” he says. “How? When? Who?” I mumble inarticulately, trying to contain my delight and elation. “You said you didn’t see enough of your friends.” He shrugs and gives me a lopsided, apologetic smile. “Oh, Christian, thank you.” I throw my arms around his neck and kiss him hard in front of everyone. He puts his hands on my hips, hooking his thumbs through the belt loops of my jeans, and deepens the kiss. Oh my.
“Keep this up and I’ll drag you into the bedroom,” he murmurs. “You wouldn’t dare,” I whisper against his lips. “Oh, Anastasia.” He grins, shaking his head. He releases me and without further preamble, stoops down, grabs my thighs, and lifts me over his shoulder. “Christian, put me down!” I smack his behind. I briefly catch Stephan’s smile as he turns and heads into the cockpit. Taylor is standing at the doorway trying to stifle his grin. Ignoring my pleas and my futile struggles, Christian strides through the narrow cabin past Mia and Ethan who are facing each other in the single seats, past Kate and Elliot, who is whooping like a demented gibbon. “If you’ll excuse me,” he says to our four guests. “I need to have a word with my wife in private.” “Christian!” I shout. “Put me down!” “All in good time, baby.” I have a brief view of Mia, Kate, and Elliot laughing. Damn it! This is not funny—it’s embarrassing. Ethan gawks at us, mouth open and utterly shocked, as we disappear into the cabin. Christian closes the cabin door behind him and releases me, letting me slide down his body—slowly, so that I feel every hard sinew and muscle. He gives me his boyish grin, thoroughly pleased with himself. “That was quite a show, Mr. Grey,” I murmur, crossing my arms and regarding him with faux indignation. “That was fun, Mrs. Grey.” And his grin widens . . . oh boy. He looks so young. “Are you going to follow through?” I arch a brow, unsure how I feel about this. I mean, the others will hear us, for heaven’s sake. Suddenly, I feel shy. Glancing anxiously at the bed, I feel a blush steal across my cheeks as I recall our wedding night. We talked so much yesterday, did so much yesterday . . . I feel as if we leaped some unknown hurdle— but that’s the problem. It’s unknown. My eyes find Christian’s intense but amused gaze, and I’m unable to keep a straight face—his grin is too infectious. “I think it might be rude to keep our guests waiting,” he says silkily as he steps toward me. When did he start to care what people think? I step back against the cabin wall and he imprisons me, the heat from his body holding me in place. He leans down and runs his nose along mine. “Good surprise?” he whispers, and there’s a hint of anxiety in his voice.
“Oh, Christian, fantastic surprise.” I run my hands up his chest, curl them around his neck and kiss him. “When did you organize this?” I ask when I pull away from him, stroking his hair. “Last night, when I couldn’t sleep. I e-mailed Elliot and Mia, and here they are.” “It’s very thoughtful—thank you. I’m sure we’ll have a great time.” “I hope so. I thought it would be easier to avoid the press in Aspen than at home.” The paparazzi! He’s right. If we’d stayed in Escala, we’d have been imprisoned. A shiver runs down my spine as I recollect the snapping cameras and dazzling flashguns of the few photographers Taylor sped through this morning. “Come. We’d better take our seats—Stephan will be taking off shortly.” He offers me his hand and together we walk back into the cabin. Elliot cheers as we enter. “That sure was speedy in-flight service!” he calls mockingly. Christian ignores him. “Please be seated, ladies and gentlemen, as we’ll shortly begin taxiing for takeoff.” Stephan’s voice echoes calmly and authoritatively around the cabin. The brunette woman— um . . . Natalie? —who was on the flight for our wedding night appears from the galley and gathers up the discarded coffee cups. Natalia . . . Her name’s Natalia. “Good morning Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey,” she says with a purr. Why does she make me uncomfortable? Maybe it’s that she’s a brunette. By his own admission, Christian doesn’t usually employ brunettes because he finds them attractive. He gives Natalia a polite smile as he slides in behind the table and sits down facing Elliot and Kate. I swiftly hug Kate and Mia and give Ethan and Elliot a wave before sitting down and buckling up beside Christian. He puts his hand on my knee and gives it an affectionate squeeze. He seems relaxed and happy, even though we’re in company. Idly, I wonder why he can’t always be like this—not controlling at all. “Hope you packed your hiking boots,” he says, his voice warm. “We’re not going skiing?” “That would be a challenge, in August,” he says, amused. Oh—of course. “Do you ski, Ana?” Elliot interrupts us.
“No.” Christian moves his hand from my knee to clasp my hand. “I’m sure my little brother can teach you.” Elliot winks at me. “He’s pretty fast on the slopes, too.” And I can’t help my blush. When I glance up at Christian, he’s gazing impassively at Elliot, but I think he’s trying to suppress his mirth. The plane surges forward and starts taxiing toward the runway. Efficiently, Natalia runs through the plane’s safety procedures in a clear, ringing voice. She’s dressed in a neat navy short-sleeved shirt and matching pencil skirt. Her makeup is immaculate—she really is quite pretty. My subconscious raises a plucked-to-within-an-inch-of-itslife eyebrow at me. “You okay?” Kate asks me pointedly. “I mean, following the Hyde business?” I nod. I don’t want to think or talk about Hyde, but Kate seems to have other plans. “So why did he go postal?” she asks, cutting to the heart of the matter in her inimitable style. She tosses her hair behind her as she prepares to investigate the matter. Eyeing her coolly, Christian shrugs. “I fired his ass,” he says bluntly. “Oh? Why?” Kate tilts her head to one side, and I know she’s in full Nancy Drew mode. “He made at pass at me,” I mutter. I try to kick Kate’s ankle beneath the table, and miss. Shit! “When?” Kate glares at me. “Ages ago.” “You never told me he made a pass at you!” she splutters. I shrug, apologetically. “It can’t just be a grudge about that, surely. I mean his reaction is way too extreme,” Kate continues, but now she directs her questions at Christian. “Is he mentally stable? What about all the information he has on you Greys?” Her grilling Christian this way makes my hackles rise, but she’s already established I know nothing so she can’t ask me. The thought is annoying. “We think there’s a connection with Detroit,” Christian says mildly. Too mildly. Oh no, Kate —please give it up for now. “Hyde is from Detroit, too?” Christian nods.
The plane accelerates, and I tighten my grip on Christian’s hand. He glances at me reassuringly. He knows I hate takeoffs and landings. He squeezes my hand and his thumb strokes my knuckles, calming me. “What do you know about him?” Elliot asks, oblivious to the fact we are hurtling down the runway in a small jet about to launch itself into the sky, and equally oblivious to Christian’s growing exasperation with Kate. Kate leans forward, listening attentively. “This is off the record,” Christian says directly to her. Kate’s mouth sets in a subtle but thin line. I swallow. Oh shit. “We know a little about him,” Christian continues. “His dad died in a brawl in a bar. His mother drank herself into oblivion. He was in and out of foster homes as a kid; in and out of trouble, too—mainly boosting cars. Spent time in juvie. His mom got back on track through some outreach program, and Hyde turned himself around. Won a scholarship to Princeton.” “Princeton?” Kate’s curiosity is piqued. “Yep. He’s a bright boy.” Christian shrugs. “Not that bright. He got caught,” Elliot mutters. “But surely he can’t have pulled this stunt alone?” Kate asks. Christian stiffens beside me. “We don’t know yet.” His voice is very quiet. Holy crap. There could be someone working with him? I turn and gape in horror at Christian. He squeezes my hand once more but doesn’t look me in the eye. The plane lifts smoothly into the air, and I get that horrible sinking feeling in my stomach. “How old is he?” I ask Christian, leaning close so only he can hear. Much as I’d like to know what’s going on, I don’t want to encourage Kate’s questions. I know they’re irritating Christian, and I’m sure she’s on his shit list since Cocktailgate. “Thirty-two. Why?” “Curious, that’s all.” Christian’s jaw tightens. “Don’t be curious about Hyde. I’m just glad the fucker’s locked up.” It’s almost a reprimand, but I choose to ignore his tone. “Do you think he’s working with someone?” The thought that someone else might be involved makes me sick. It would mean this isn’t over. “I don’t know,” Christian answers, and his jaw tightens once more.
“Maybe someone who has a grudge against you?” I suggest. Holy shit. I hope it’s not the bitch troll. “Like Elena?” I whisper. I realize I’ve muttered her name out loud—but only he can hear. I glance anxiously at Kate, but she’s deep in conversation with Elliot. Elliot looks pissed at her. Hmm. “You do like to demonize her, don’t you?” Christian rolls his eyes and shakes his head in disgust. “She may hold a grudge, but she wouldn’t do this kind of thing.” He pins me with a steady gray gaze. “Let’s not discuss her. I know she’s not your favorite topic of conversation.” “Have you confronted her?” I whisper, not sure if I really want to know. “Ana, I haven’t spoken to her since my birthday party. Please, drop it. I don’t want to talk about her.” He raises my hand and brushes my knuckles with his lips. His eyes burn into mine, and I know this is not a line of questioning I should pursue right now. “Get a room,” Elliot teases. “Oh right—you already have, but you didn’t need it for long.” He smirks. Christian glances up and pins Elliot with a cool glare. “Fuck off, Elliot,” he says without malice. “Dude, just telling you how it is.” Elliot’s eyes light up with mirth. “Like you’d know,” Christian murmurs sardonically, raising an eyebrow. Elliot grins, enjoying the banter. “You married your first girlfriend.” Elliot gestures at me. Oh shit. Where is this going? I flush. “Can you blame me?” Christian kisses my hand again. “No.” Elliot laughs and shakes his head. I flush, and Kate slaps Elliot’s thigh. “Stop being an ass,” she scolds him. “Listen to your girlfriend,” Christian says to Elliot, grinning, his earlier concern no longer evident. My ears pop as we gain altitude, and the tension in the cabin dissipates as the plane levels out. Kate scowls at Elliot. Hmm . . . is something up between them? I’m not sure. Elliot is right. I snort at the irony. I am— was—Christian’s first girlfriend, and now I’m his wife. The fifteen and the evil Mrs. Robinson—they don’t
count. But then Elliot doesn’t know about them, and clearly Kate hasn’t told him. I smile at her, and she gives me a conspiratorial wink. My secrets are safe with Kate. “Okay, ladies and gentlemen, we’ll be cruising at an altitude of approximately thirty-two thousand feet, and our estimated flight time is one hour and fifty-six minutes,” Stephan announces. “You are now free to move about the cabin.” Natalia appears abruptly from the galley. “May I offer anyone coffee?” she asks. Chapter Thirteen We land smoothly at Sardy Field at 12:25 p.m. (MST). Stephan brings the plane to a halt a little way from the main terminal, and through the windows I spot a large VW minivan waiting for us. “Good landing.” Christian grins and shakes Stephan’s hand as we get ready to file out of the jet. “It’s all about the density altitude, sir.” Stephan smiles back. “Beighley here is good at math.” Christian nods at Stephan’s first officer. “You nailed it, Beighley, smooth landing.” “Thank you, sir.” She grins smugly. “Enjoy your weekend, Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey. We’ll see you tomorrow.” Stephan steps aside to let us disembark and taking my hand, Christian leads me down the aircraft steps to where Taylor is waiting by the vehicle. “Minivan?” says Christian in surprise as Taylor slides open the door. Taylor gives him a tight, contrite smile and a slight shrug. “Last minute, I know,” Christian says, immediately placated. Taylor returns to the plane to retrieve our luggage. “Want to make out in the back of the van?” Christian murmurs to me, a mischievous gleam in his eye. I giggle. Who is this man, and what has he done with Mr. Unbelievably Angry of the last couple of days?
“Come on, you two. Get in,” Mia says from behind us, oozing impatience beside Ethan. We climb in, stagger to the double seat at the back, and sit down. I snuggle against Christian, and he puts his arm around the back of my seat. “Comfortable?” he murmurs as Mia and Ethan take the seat in front of us. “Yes.” I smile and he kisses my forehead. And for some unfathomable reason I feel shy with him today. Why? Last night? Being with company? I can’t put my finger on it. Elliot and Kate join us last as Taylor opens the liftgate to load the luggage. Five minutes later, we are on our way. I gaze out the window as we head toward Aspen. The trees are green, but a whisper of the coming fall is evident here and there in the yellowing tips of the leaves. The sky is a clear crystal blue, though there are darkening clouds to the west. All around us in the distance loom the Rockies, the highest peak directly ahead. They’re lush and green, and the highest are capped with snow and look like a child’s drawing of mountains. We’re in the winter playground of the rich and famous. And I own a house here. I can barely believe it. And from deep within my psyche, the familiar unease that’s always present when I try to wrap my head around Christian’s wealth looms and taunts me, making me feel guilty. What have I done to deserve this lifestyle . . . ? I’ve done nothing; nothing, except fall in love. “Have you been to Aspen before, Ana?” Ethan turns and asks dragging me out of my reverie. “No, first time. You?” “Kate and I used to come here a lot when we were teens. Dad’s a keen skier. Mom less so.” “I’m hoping my husband will teach me how to ski.” I glance up at my man. “Don’t bet on it,” Christian mutters. “I won’t be that bad!” “You might break your neck.” His grin gone. Oh. I don’t want to argue and sour his good mood, so I change the subject. “How long have you had this place?” “Nearly two years. It’s yours now, too, Mrs. Grey,” he says softly. “I know,” I whisper. But somehow I don’t feel the courage of my convictions. Leaning up, I kiss his jaw and nestle once more at his side listening to him laugh and joke with Ethan and Elliot. Mia chimes in
occasionally, but Kate is quiet, and I wonder if she’s brooding about Jack Hyde—or something else. Then I remember. Aspen . . . Christian’s house here was redesigned—or rebuilt, I can’t remember which—by Gia Matteo. I wonder if that’s what’s preoccupying Kate. I can’t ask her in front of Elliot, given his history with Gia. Does Kate even know about Gia’s connection to the house? I frown wondering what could be bothering her and resolve to ask her when we’re on our own. We drive through the center of Aspen and my mood brightens as I take in the town. There are squat buildings of mostly red brick, Swissstyle chalets, and numerous little turn of the century houses painted in fun colors. Plenty of banks and designer shops, too, betraying the affluence of the local populace. Of course Christian fits in here. “Why did you choose Aspen?” I ask him. “What?” He regards me quizzically. “To buy a place.” “Mom and Dad used to bring us here when we were kids. I learned to ski here, and I like the place. I hope you do, too—otherwise we’ll sell the house and choose somewhere else.” Oh! Simple as that. He tucks a loose strand of my hair behind my ear. “You look lovely today,” he murmurs. My cheeks heat. I’m just wearing my travelling gear; jeans and a Tshirt with a lightweight navy blue jacket. Damn it? Why does he make me feel shy? He leans down and kisses me, a tender, sweet, loving kiss. Taylor drives us on out of town, and we start to climb the other side of the valley, twisting along a mountain road. The higher we go, the more excited I get, and Christian tenses beside me. “What’s wrong?” I ask as we round a bend. “I hope you like it,” he says quietly. “We’re here.” Taylor slows and turns through a gateway made of gray, beige, and red stones. He heads down the driveway and finally pulls up outside the impressive house. Double fronted with high-pitched roofs and built of dark wood and the same mixed stone as the gateway—it’s stunning. Modern and stark, very much Christian’s style. “Home,” he mouths at me as our guests start piling out of the van. “Looks good.”
“Come. See,” he says, an excited, though anxious, gleam in his eyes—like he’s about to show me his science project, or something. Mia runs up the steps to where a woman stands in the doorway. She’s tiny and her raven-colored hair is dusted with gray. Mia flings her arms around her neck and hugs her tightly. “Who’s that?” I ask as Christian helps me out of the van. “Mrs. Bentley. She lives here with her husband. They look after the place.” Holy cow . . . more staff? Mia is making introductions—Ethan, then Kate. Elliot, too, hugs Mrs. Bentley. As Taylor unloads the van, Christian takes my hand and leads me to the front door. “Welcome back, Mr. Grey.” Mrs. Bentley smiles. “Carmella, this is my wife, Anastasia,” Christian says proudly. His tongue caresses my name, making my heart stutter. “Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Bentley nods a respectful greeting. I hold out my hand and we shake. It’s no surprise to me that she’s much more formal with Christian than the rest of the family. “I hope you’ve had a pleasant flight. The weather is supposed to be fine all weekend, though I’m not sure.” She eyes the graying clouds behind us. “Lunch is ready whenever you want.” She smiles again, her dark eyes twinkling, and I warm to her immediately. “Here.” Christian grabs me and lifts me off my feet. “What are you doing?” I squeal. “Carrying you over yet another threshold, Mrs. Grey.” I grin at him as he carries me into the wide hallway, and after a brief kiss, he sets me gently down onto the hardwood floor. The interior décor is stark and reminds me of the great room at Escala—all white walls, dark wood, and contemporary abstract art. The hallway opens up into a large sitting area where three off-white leather couches surround a stone fireplace that dominates the room. The only color is from the soft cushions scattered on the couches. Mia grabs Ethan’s hand and drags him farther into the house. Christian narrows his eyes at their departing figures, his mouth thinning. He shakes his head then turns to me. Kate whistles loudly. “Nice place.”
I glance around to see Elliot helping Taylor with our luggage. I wonder again if she knows that Gia had a hand in this place. “Tour?” Christian asks me, and whatever was going through his mind about Mia and Ethan has gone. He’s radiating excitement—or is it anxiety? It’s difficult to tell. “Sure.” Once again I’m overwhelmed by the wealth. How much did this place cost . . . ? And I have contributed nothing to it. Briefly I’m transported back to the first time Christian took me to Escala . . . I was overwhelmed then. You got used to it, my subconscious hisses at me. Christian frowns but takes my hand, leading me through the various rooms. The state-of-the-art kitchen is all pale marble countertops and black cupboards. There’s an impressive wine cellar, and an expansive den downstairs, complete with large plasma screen, soft couches . . . and a billiard table. I gape at it, and blush when Christian catches me. “Fancy a game?” he asks, a wicked gleam in his eye. I shake my head, and his brow furrows once more. Taking my hand again, he leads me up to the first floor. There are four bedrooms upstairs, each with an en suite bathroom. The master suite is something else—the bed is huge, bigger than the bed at home, and faces an enormous picture window looking out over Aspen and toward the verdant mountains. “That’s Ajax Mountain . . . or Aspen Mountain, if you like,” Christian says, eyeing me warily. He’s standing in the doorway, his thumbs hooked through the belt loops on his black jeans. I nod. “You’re very quiet,” he murmurs. “It’s lovely, Christian.” And suddenly I’m aching to be back at Escala. In five long strides he’s standing in front of me, reaching up and tugging at my chin, releasing my lower lip from the grip of my teeth. “What is it?” he asks, his eyes searching mine. “You’re very rich.” “Yes.” “Sometimes, it just takes me by surprise, how wealthy you are.”
“We are.” “We are,” I mutter automatically. “Don’t stress about this, Ana, please. It’s just a house.” “And what did Gia do here, exactly?” “Gia?” He raises his eyebrows in surprise. “Yes. She remodeled this place?” “She did. She put the den in downstairs.” He rakes his hand through his hair and frowns at me. “Why are we talking about Gia?” “Did you know she had a fling with Elliot?” Christian gazes at me for a moment, gray eyes unreadable. “Elliot’s fucked most of Seattle, Ana.” I gasp. “Mainly women, I understand,” Christian jokes. I think he’s amused by my expression. “No!” Christian nods. “It’s none of my business.” He holds his palms up. “I don’t think Kate knows.” “I’m not sure he broadcasts that information. Kate seems to be holding her own.” I’m shocked. Sweet, unassuming, blond, blue-eyed Elliot? I stare in disbelief. Christian tilts his head to one side, scrutinizing me. “This can’t just be about Gia or Elliot’s promiscuity.” “I know. I’m sorry. After all that’s happened this week, it’s just . . .” I shrug, feeling tearful all of a sudden. Christian seems to sag with relief. Pulling me into his arms, he holds me tightly, his nose in my hair. “I know. I’m sorry, too. Let’s relax and enjoy ourselves, okay? You can stay here and read, watch god- awful TV, shop, come hiking— fishing even. Whatever you want to do. And forget what I said about Elliot. That was indiscreet of me.”
“Goes some way to explain why he’s always teasing you,” I murmur, nuzzling his chest. “He really has no idea about my past. I told you, my family assumed I was gay. Celibate, but gay.” I giggle and begin to relax in his arms. “I thought you were celibate. How wrong I was.” I wrap my arms around him, marveling at the ridiculousness of Christian being gay. “Mrs. Grey, are you smirking at me?” “Maybe a little,” I acquiesce. “You know, what I don’t understand is why you have this place?” “What do you mean?” He kisses my hair. “You have the boat, which I get, you have the place in New York for business—but why here? It’s not like you shared it with anyone.” Christian stills, and is silent for several beats. “I was waiting for you,” he says softly, his eyes dark gray and luminous. “That’s . . . that’s such a lovely thing to say.” “It’s true. I didn’t know it at the time.” He smiles his shy smile. “I’m glad you waited.” “You are worth waiting for, Mrs. Grey.” He tips my chin up with his finger, leans down, and kisses me tenderly. “So are you.” I smile. “Though I feel I like I cheated. I didn’t have to wait long for you at all.” He grins. “Am I that much of a prize?” “Christian, you are the state lottery, the cure for cancer, and the three wishes from Aladdin’s lamp all rolled into one.” He raises a brow. “When will you realize this?” I scold him. “You were a very eligible bachelor. And I don’t mean all this.” I wave dismissingly at our plush surroundings. “I mean in here.” I place my hand over his heart, and his eyes widen. My confident, sexy husband has gone, and I’m facing my lost boy. “Believe me, Christian, please,” I whisper and reach up to clasp his face, pulling his lips to mine. He groans, and I don’t know if it’s the pain of hearing what I have to say or his usual primal response. I claim him, my lips moving against his, my tongue invading his mouth.
When we’re both breathless, he pulls away, eyeing me doubtfully. “When are you going to get it through your exceptionally thick skull that I love you?” I ask, exasperated. He swallows. “One day,” he says. This is progress. I smile and am rewarded with his answering shy smile. “Come. Let’s have some lunch—the others will be wondering where we are. We can discuss what we all want to do.” “Oh no!” Kate says suddenly. All eyes turn to her. “Look,” she says, pointing to the picture window. Outside, rain has started pouring down. We are sitting around the dark wood table in the kitchen having consumed an Italian feast of a mixed antipasto, prepared by Mrs. Bentley, and a bottle or two of Frascati. I’m replete and a little buzzy from the alcohol. “There goes our hike,” Elliot mutters, sounding vaguely relieved. Kate scowls at him. Something is definitely up with them . . . They have been relaxed with all of us but not with each other. “We could go into town,” Mia pipes up. Ethan smirks at her. “Perfect weather for fishing,” Christian suggests. “I’ll go fish,” Ethan says. “Let’s split up.” Mia claps her hands. “Girls, shopping—boys, outdoor boring stuff.” I glance at Kate, who regards Mia indulgently. Fishing or shopping? Jeez, what a choice. “Ana, what do you want to do?” Christian asks. “I don’t mind,” I lie. Kate catches my eye and mouths “shopping” at me, perhaps she wants to talk.
“But I’m more than happy to go shopping.” I add, smiling wryly at Kate and Mia. Christian smirks. He knows I hate shopping. “I can stay here with you, if you’d like,” he murmurs, and something dark unfurls in my belly at his tone. “No, you go fish,” I answer. Christian needs boy time. “Sounds like a plan,” Kate says, rising from the table. “Taylor will accompany you,” Christian says, and it’s a given—not up for discussion. “We don’t need babysitting,” Kate retorts bluntly, direct as ever. I put my hand on Kate’s arm. “Kate, Taylor should come.” She frowns, then shrugs, and for once in her life holds her tongue. I smile timidly at Christian . His expression remains impassive. Oh, I hope he’s not mad at Kate. Elliot frowns. “I need to pick up a battery for my watch in town.” He glances quickly at Kate, and I spot his slight blush. She doesn’t notice because she is pointedly ignoring him. “Take the Audi, Elliot. When you come back we can go fishing,” Christian says. “Yeah!” Elliot mutters, but he seems distracted. “Good plan.” “In here.” Grabbing my hand, Mia hauls me into a designer boutique that’s all pink silk and faux-French distressed rustic furniture. Kate follows us while Taylor waits outside, sheltering under the awning from the rain. Aretha is belting out “Say A Little Prayer” over the store’s hi-fi system. I love this song. I should put it on Christian’s iPod. “This will look wonderful on you, Ana.” Mia holds up a scrap of silver material. “Here, try it on.” “Um . . . it’s a bit short.” “You’ll look fantastic in it. Christian will love it.” “You think?” Mia beams at me. “Ana, you have legs to die for, and if we go clubbing tonight”—she smiles, sensing an easy kill—“you’ll look hot for your husband.”
I blink at her, slightly shocked. We’re going clubbing? I don’t do clubbing. Kate laughs at my expression. She seems more relaxed now that she’s away from Elliot. “We should throw some shapes this evening,” she says. “Go try it on,” Mia orders, and reluctantly I head for the changing room. While I wait for Kate and Mia to emerge from the dressing room, I stroll to the shop window and look out, unseeing, across the main street. The soul compilation continues: Dionne Warwick is singing “Walk On By.” Another great song—one of my mother’s favorites. I glance down at The Dress in my hand. Dress is perhaps an overstatement. It’s backless and very short, but Mia has declared it a winner, perfect for dancing the night away. Apparently, I need shoes, too, and a large chunky necklace, which we’ll source next. Rolling my eyes, I reflect once more on how lucky I am to have Caroline Acton, my own personal shopper. Through the boutique window I’m distracted by the sight of Elliot. He has appeared on the other side of the leafy main street, climbing out of a large Audi. Elliot dives into a store as if to duck out of the rain. Looks like a jewelry store . . . maybe he’s looking for that watch battery. He emerges a few minutes later, and not alone—with a woman. Fuck! He’s talking to Gia! What the hell is she doing here? As I watch, they hug briefly and she holds her head back, laughing animatedly at something he says. He kisses her cheek then runs to the waiting car. She turns and heads down the street, and I gape after her. What was that about? I turn anxiously toward the dressing rooms, but there’s still no sign of Kate or Mia. I glance at Taylor, where he’s waiting outside the store. He catches my eye then shrugs. He’s witnessed Elliot’s little encounter, too. I blush, embarrassed to have been caught snooping. Turning back, Mia and Kate emerge, both of them laughing. Kate looks at me quizzically. “What’s wrong, Ana?” she asks. “You gone cold on the dress? You look sensational in it.” “Um, no.” “Are you okay?” Kate’s eyes widen. “I’m fine. Shall we pay?” I head to the cashier joining Mia who has chosen two skirts.
“Good afternoon, ma’am.” The young sales assistant—who has more gloss coating her lips than I have ever seen in one place—smiles at me. “That’ll be eight hundred and fifty dollars.” What? For this scrap of material! I blink at her and meekly hand over my black Amex. “Mrs. Grey,” Ms. Lip Gloss purrs. I follow Kate and Mia in a daze for the next two hours, warring with myself. Should I tell Kate? My subconscious firmly shakes her head. Yes, I should tell her. No, I shouldn’t. It could just have been an innocent meeting. Shit. What should I do? “Well, do you like the shoes, Ana?” Mia has her fists on her hips. “Um . . . yeah, sure.” I end up with a pair of unfeasibly high Manolo Blahniks with straps that look like they are made from mirrors. They match the dress perfectly and set Christian back just over a thousand dollars. I’m luckier with the long silver chain that Kate insists I buy; it’s a bargain at eighty-four dollars. “Getting used to having money?” Kate asks, not unkindly, as we walk back to the car. Mia has skipped ahead. “You know this isn’t me, Kate. I’m kind of uncomfortable about all this. But I’m reliably informed it’s part of the package.” I purse my lips at her, and she puts her arm around me. “You’ll get used to it, Ana,” she says sympathetically. “You’ll look great.” “Kate, how are you and Elliot getting along?” I ask. Her wide blue eyes dart to mine. Oh no. She shakes her head. “I don’t want to talk about it now.” She nods toward Mia. “But things are—” She doesn’t finish her sentence. This is unlike my tenacious Kate. Shit. I knew something was up. Do I tell her? Tell her what I saw? What did I see? Elliot and Miss Well-Groomed-Sexual-Predator talking, hugging, and that kiss on the cheek. Surely they are just old friends? No, I won’t tell her. Not right now. I give her my I-completely-understand-and-will-respect-yourprivacy nod. She reaches for my hand and gives it a grateful squeeze, and there it is—a swift glimpse of pain and hurt in her eyes that she quickly stifles with a blink. In that moment I feel a surge of protectiveness for my dear friend. What the fuck is Elliot Manwhore Grey playing at?
Once back at the house, Kate decides we deserve cocktails after our shopping extravaganza and whips up some strawberry daiquiris for us. We curl up on the sitting room couches in front of the blazing log fire. “Elliot has just been a little distant lately,” Kate murmurs, gazing into the flames. Kate and I finally have a moment to ourselves as Mia puts away her purchases. “Oh?” “I think I’m in trouble for getting you into trouble,” she adds. “You heard about that?” “Yes. Christian called Elliot; Elliot called me.” I roll my eyes. Oh Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. “I’m sorry. Christian is . . . protective. You haven’t seen Elliot since cocktailgate?” “No.” “Oh.” “I really like him, Ana,” she whispers. And for one dreadful minute I think she’s going to cry. Oh no . . . This is not like Kate. Does this mean the return of the pink pajamas? She turns to gaze at me. “I’ve fallen in love with him. At first I thought it was just the great sex. But he’s charming and kind and warm and funny. I could see us growing old together—you know . . . kids, grandkids—the works.” “Your happy ever after,” I whisper. She nods sadly. “Maybe you should talk to him. Try and find some alone time here. Find out what’s eating him.” Who’s eating him, my subconscious snarls. I slap her down, shocked at the waywardness of my own thoughts. “Perhaps you guys could go for a walk tomorrow morning?” “We’ll see.” “Kate, I hate seeing you like this.”
She smiles weakly, and I lean over to hug her. I resolve not to mention Gia, though I might mention it to the manwhore himself. How can he mess with my friend’s affections like this? Mia returns, and we move on to safer territory. The fire hisses and spits sparks on to the hearth as I feed it the last log. We’re almost out of wood. Even though it’s summer, the fire is very welcome on this wet day. “Mia, do you know where the wood for the fire is kept?” I ask as she sips her daiquiri. “I think it’s in the garage.” “I’ll go find some. It’ll give me an opportunity to explore.” The rain has eased off when I venture outside and head to the threecar garage adjoining the house. The side door is unlocked and I enter, switching on the light to fight the gloom. The fluorescent strips ping noisily to life. There’s a car in the garage, and I realize it’s the Audi I saw Elliot in this afternoon. There are also two snowmobiles. But what really grabs my attention are the two trail bikes, both 125cc. Memories of Ethan bravely endeavoring to teach me how to ride last summer flash through my mind. Unconsciously, I rub my arm where I badly bruised it in a fall. “You ride?” Elliot asks from behind me. I whirl around. “You’re back.” “It would appear so.” He grins, and I realize that Christian might say the same thing to me—but without the huge, heart-melting grin. “Well?” he asks. Manwhore! “Sort of.” “Do you want a go?” I snort. “Um, no . . . I don’t think Christian would be very happy if I did.” “Christian’s not here.” Elliot smirks— oh, it’s a family trait—and waves his arm to indicate we’re alone. He strolls toward the nearest bike and swings a long denimed leg over the saddle, sitting astride and grabbing the handlebars.
“Christian has, um . . . issues about my safety. I shouldn’t.” “You always do what he says?” Elliot has a wicked sparkle in his baby-blue eyes and I see a glimmer of the bad boy . . . the bad boy Kate has fallen in love with. The bad boy from Detroit. “No.” I arch an admonishing brow at him. “But I’m trying to put that right. He has enough to worry about without adding me to the mix. Is he back?” “I don’t know.” “You didn’t go fishing?” Elliot shakes his head. “I had some business to deal with in town.” Business! Holy shit—groomed blonde business! I inhale sharply and gape at him. “If you don’t want to ride, what are you doing in the garage?” Elliot is intrigued. “I’m looking for wood for the fire.” “There you are. Oh, Elliot—you’re back.” Kate interrupts us. “Hey, baby.” He smiles broadly. “Catch anything?” I scrutinize Elliot’s reaction. “No. I had a few things to take care of in town.” And for one brief moment, I see a flash of uncertainty cross his face. Oh shit. “I came out to see what was keeping Ana.” Kate looks at us, confused. “We were just shooting the breeze,” Elliot says, and the tension crackles between them. We all pause as we hear a car pull up outside. Oh! Christian’s back. Thank heavens. The garage door opener whirrs loudly into action, startling us all, and the door slowly lifts to reveal Christian and Ethan unloading a black flatbed truck. Christian stops when he sees us all standing in the garage. “Garage band?” he asks sardonically as he wanders in, heading straight for me. I grin. I am relieved to see him. Beneath his wax coat he’s wearing the overalls I sold him at Claytons.
“Hi,” he says looking quizzically at me, ignoring both Kate and Elliot. “Hi. Nice overalls.” “Lots of pockets. Very handy for fishing.” His voice is soft and seductive, for my ears only, and when he gazes down at me his expression is hot. I flush, and he smiles a huge, no-holds-barred, all-for-me smile. “You’re wet,” I murmur. “It was raining. What are you guys doing in the garage?” Finally he acknowledges that we are not alone. “Ana came to fetch some wood,” Elliot smirks. Somehow he manages to make that sentence sound smutty. “I tried to tempt her to take a ride.” He is master of the double entendre. Christian’s face falls, and my heart stills. “She said no. That you wouldn’t like it,” Elliot adds kindly—and innuendo-free. Christian’s gray gaze swings back to me. “Did she, now?” he murmurs. “Listen, I’m all for standing around discussing what Ana did next, but shall we go back inside?” Kate snaps. She stoops down, snatches up two logs, and turns on her heel, stomping toward the door. Oh shit. Kate is mad—but I know it’s not at me. Elliot sighs and, without a word, follows her out. I gaze after them, but Christian distracts me. “You can ride a motorcycle?” he asks, his voice laced with disbelief. “Not very well. Ethan taught me.” His eyes frost immediately. “You made the right decision,” he says, his voice much cooler. “The ground’s very hard at the moment, and the rain’s made it treacherous and slippery.” “Where do you want the fishing gear?” Ethan calls from outside. “Leave it, Ethan—Taylor will take care of it.” “What about the fish?” Ethan continues, his voice vaguely taunting. “You caught a fish?” I ask, surprised. “Not me. Kavanagh did.” And Christian pouts . . . prettily. I burst out laughing. “Mrs. Bentley will deal with that,” he calls back. Ethan grins and heads into the house. “Am I amusing you, Mrs. Grey?”
“Very much so. You’re wet . . . Let me run you a bath.” “As long as you join me.” He leans down and kisses me. I fill the large egg-shaped tub in the en suite bathroom and pour in some expensive bath oil, which starts to foam immediately. The aroma is heavenly . . . jasmine, I think. Back in the bedroom, I start to hang The Dress while the bath fills. “Did you have a good time?” Christian asks as he enters the room. He’s just in a T-shirt and sweat pants, his feet bare. He closes the door behind him. “Yes,” I murmur, drinking him in. I have missed him. Ridiculous— it’s only been what, a few hours? He cocks his head to one side and gazes at me. “What is it?” “I was thinking how much I’ve missed you.” “You sound like you have it bad, Mrs. Grey.” “I have, Mr. Grey.” He strolls toward me until he’s standing in front of me. “What did you buy?” he whispers, and I know it’s to change the topic of conversation. “A dress, some shoes, a necklace. I spent a great deal of your money.” I glance up at him, guiltily. He’s amused. “Good,” he murmurs, and his hand reaches up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind my ear. “And for the billionth time, our money.” He tugs my chin, releasing my lip from my teeth and runs his index finger down the front of my T-shirt, down my sternum, between my breasts, down my stomach, and over my belly to the hem. “You won’t be needing this in the bath,” he whispers, and gripping the hem of my T-shirt in both hands, slowly pulls it up. “Lift your arms.” I comply, not taking my eyes off his, and he drops my T-shirt on the floor. “I thought we were just having a bath.” My pulse quickens. “I want to make you good and dirty first. I’ve missed you, too.” He leans down and kisses me.
“Shit, the water!” I struggle to sit up, all post-orgasmic and dazed. Christian doesn’t release me. “Christian, the bath!” I gaze down at him from my prone position across his chest. He laughs. “Relax—it’s a wet room.” He rolls over and kisses me quickly. “I’ll switch off the faucet.” He climbs gracefully off the bed and strolls into the bathroom. My eyes greedily follow him all the way. Hmm . . . my husband, naked and soon to be wet. My inner goddess licks her lips salaciously and gives me her well-fucked grin. I bound out of bed. We sit at opposite ends of the bath, which is very full—so full that whenever we move, water laps over the side and splashes to the floor. It’s very decadent. Even more decadent is Christian washing my feet, massaging the soles, pulling gently on my toes. He kisses each one and gently bites my little toe. “Aaah!” I feel it— there, in my groin. “Like that?” he breathes. “Hmm,” I mumble incoherently. He starts massaging again. Oh, this feels good. I close my eyes. “I saw Gia in town,” I murmur. “Really? I think she has a place here,” he says dismissively. He’s not interested in the slightest. “She was with Elliot.” Christian stops massaging. That got his attention. When I open my eyes his head is inclined to one side, like he doesn’t understand. “What do you mean with Elliot?” he asks, perplexed rather than concerned. I explain what I saw. “Ana, they’re just friends. I think Elliot is pretty stuck on Kate.” He pauses then adds more quietly. “In fact I know he’s pretty stuck on her.” And he gives me his I-have-no-idea-why look. “Kate is gorgeous.” I bristle, championing my friend. He snorts. “Still glad it was you that fell into my office.” He kisses my big toe, releases my left foot and picks up my right, beginning the massage process
again. His fingers are so strong and supple, I relax again. I do not want to fight about Kate. I close my eyes and let his fingers work their magic on my feet. I gape at myself in the full-length mirror, not recognizing the vixen that stares back at me. Kate has gone all out and played Barbie with me this evening, styling my hair and makeup. My hair is full and straight, my eyes ringed with kohl, my lips scarlet red. I look . . . hot. I’m all legs, especially in the high-heeled Manolos and my plainly indecent short dress. I need Christian to approve, though I have a horrible feeling he won’t like so much of my flesh exposed. In view of our entente cordiale, I decide I should ask him. I pick up my BlackBerry, as I doubt he’ll hear me from upstairs. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Does My Butt Look Big In This? Date: August 27, 2011 18:53 MST To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey I need your sartorial advice. Yours Mrs. G x From: Christian Grey Subject: Peachy Date: August 27, 2011 18:55 MST To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I seriously doubt it.
But I will come and give your butt a thorough examination just to make sure. Yours in anticipation Mr. G x Christian Grey, CEO Grey Enterprises Holdings and Butt Inspectorate Inc. As I read his e-mail, the bedroom door opens and Christian freezes on the threshold. His mouth pops open and his eyes widen. Holy crap . . . this could go either way. “Well?” I whisper. “Ana, you look . . . Wow.” “You like it?” “Yes, I guess so.” He’s a little hoarse. Slowly he steps into the room and closes the door. He’s wearing black jeans and a white shirt, but with a black jacket . . . he looks divine. He stalks slowly toward me, but as soon as he reaches me, he puts his hands on my shoulders and turns me around to face the full- length mirror, while he stands behind me. My gaze finds his in the glass, then he glances down, fascinated by my naked back. His finger glides down my spine and reaches the edge of my dress at the small of my back, where pale flesh meets silver cloth. “This is very revealing,” he murmurs. His hand skims lower, over my backside and down to my naked thigh. He pauses, gray eyes burning intently into blue. Then slowly he trails his fingers back up to the hem of my skirt. Watching his long fingers move lightly, teasingly across my skin, feeling the tingles they leave in their wake, my mouth forms a perfect O. “It’s not far from here.” He touches the hem, then moves his fingers higher. “To here,” he whispers. I gasp as his fingers stroke my sex, moving tantalizingly over my panties, feeling me, teasing me. “And your point is?” I whisper. “My point is . . . it’s not far from here”—his fingers glide over my panties, then one is inside, against my soft dampened flesh—“to here. And then . . . to here.” He slips a finger inside me. I gasp and make a soft mewling sound.
“This is mine,” he murmurs in my ear. Closing his eyes he moves his finger slowly in and out of me. “I don’t want anyone else to see this.” My breath stutters, my panting matching the rhythm of his finger. Watching him in the mirror, doing this . . . it’s beyond erotic. “So be a good girl and don’t bend down, and you should be fine.” “You approve?” I whisper. “No, but I’m not going to stop you wearing it. You look stunning, Anastasia.” Abruptly he withdraws his finger, leaving me wanting more, and he moves around to face me. He places the tip of his invading finger on my lower lip. Instinctively, I pucker my lips and kiss it, and I’m rewarded with a wicked grin. He puts his finger in his mouth and his expression informs me that I taste good . . . real good. I flush. Will it always shock me when he does that? He grasps my hand. “Come,” he orders softly. I want to retort that I was about to, but in light of what happened in the playroom yesterday, I decide against it. We are waiting for dessert in a plush, exclusive restaurant in town. It’s been a lively evening so far, and Mia is determined it should continue and that we must go clubbing. Right now she’s sitting silently—for once—hanging on Ethan’s every word as he and Christian talk. Mia is obviously infatuated with Ethan, and Ethan is . . . well it’s difficult to tell. I don’t know if they are just friends or if there’s something more. Christian seems at ease. He’s been talking animatedly with Ethan— they obviously bonded over the fly-fishing. They’re talking about psychology, mainly. Ironically, it’s Christian who sounds the more knowledgeable. I snort softly as I half listen to their conversation, sadly acknowledging that his expertise is the result of his experience with so many shrinks. You’re the best therapy. His words, whispered while we were making love once, echo in my head. Am I? Oh, Christian, I hope so. I glance over at Kate. She looks beautiful, but then she always does. She and Elliot are less lively. He seems nervous, his jokes a little too loud and his laugh a little off. Have they had a fight? What’s eating him? Is it that woman? My heart sinks at the thought that he might hurt my best friend. I glance at the entrance, half expecting to see Gia calmly saunter her well-groomed ass across the restaurant to us. My mind is playing tricks—I suspect it’s the amount of alcohol I’ve had. My head is beginning to ache.
Abruptly, Elliot startles us all by standing and pulling his chair back so it scrapes across the tile floor. All eyes turn to him. He gazes down at Kate for one moment then drops to one knee beside her. Oh. My. God. He reaches for her hand, and silence settles like a blanket over the entire restaurant as everyone stops eating, stops talking, stops walking, and stares. “My beautiful Kate, I love you. Your grace, your beauty, and your fiery spirit have no equal, and you have captured my heart. Spend your life with me. Marry me.” Holy shit! Chapter Fourteen The attention of the entire restaurant is trained on Kate and Elliot, waiting as one with bated breath. The anticipation is unbearable. Silence stretches like a taut rubber band. The atmosphere is oppressive, apprehensive and yet hopeful throughout the room. Kate stares blankly at Elliot as he gazes up at her, his eyes wide with longing—fear even. Holy crap, Kate! Put him out of his misery. Please. Jeez—he could have asked her privately. A single tear trickles down her cheek, though she remains expressionless. Shit! Kate crying? Then she smiles, a slow disbelieving I- think-I’ve-discovered-the-fabled-lost-city-of-El-Dorado smile. “Yes,” she whispers, a breathy, sweet acceptance—not Kate-like at all. For one nanosecond there’s a pause as the entire restaurant exhales a collective sigh of relief—and then the noise is deafening. Spontaneous applause, cheering, catcalls, whooping—and suddenly I have tears rolling down my face, smudging my Barbie-meets-Joan-Jett makeup. Oblivious to the commotion around them, the two are locked in their own bubble. From his pocket Elliot produces a small box, opens it and presents it to Kate. A ring . . . and from what I can see, an exquisite ring, but I need a closer look. Oh no—Is that what he was doing with Gia? Choosing a ring? Shit! Oh, I’m so glad I didn’t tell Kate. Kate looks from the ring to Elliot then throws her arms around his neck. They kiss, remarkably chaste for them, and the crowd goes wild. Elliot stands and acknowledges the approbation with a surprisingly graceful bow then, wearing a huge self-satisfied grin, sits back down. I can’t take my eyes off them. Taking the ring out of its box, Elliot gently slides it onto Kate’s finger, and they kiss once more. Christian squeezes my hand—I didn’t realize I’d been gripping his so tightly. I release him, a little embarrassed, and he shakes his hand, mouthing, “Ow. ”
“Sorry. Did you know about this?” I whisper. Christian smiles, and I know that he did. He summons the waiter. “Two bottles of the Cristal please. The 2002 if you have it.” I smirk at him. “What?” he asks. “Because the 2002 is so much better than the 2003,” I tease. He laughs. “To the discerning palate, Anastasia.” “You have a very discerning palate, Mr. Grey, and singular tastes.” I smile. “That I do, Mrs. Grey.” He leans in close. “You taste best,” he whispers, and he kisses a certain spot behind my ear, sending little shivers down my spine. I blush scarlet and fondly remember his earlier demonstration of the quite literal shortcomings of my dress. Mia is the first up to hug Kate and Elliot, and we all take turns congratulating the happy couple. I clutch Kate in a fierce hug. “See? He was just worried about his proposal,” I whisper. “Oh, Ana.” She giggle-sobs. “Kate, I am so happy for you. Congratulations.” Christian is behind me. He shakes Elliot’s hand, then—surprising both Elliot and me—pulls him into a hug. I can only just catch what he says. “Way to go, Lelliot,” he murmurs. Elliot says nothing—for once stunned into silence—then cautiously returns his brother’s hug. Lelliot? “Thanks, Christian,” Elliot chokes out. Christian gives Kate a brief, if awkward, almost arm’s-length hug. I know that Christian’s attitude to Kate is tolerant, at best, and ambivalent most of the time, so this is progress. Releasing her, he says so quietly only she and I can hear, “I hope you are as happy in your marriage as I am in mine.” “Thank you, Christian. I hope so, too,” she says graciously. The waiter has returned with the champagne, which he proceeds to open with an understated flourish. Christian holds his champagne flute aloft.
“To Kate and my dear brother, Elliot—congratulations.” We all sip, well, I glug. Hmmm—Cristal tastes so good, and I’m reminded of the first time I drank it at Christian’s club and later, our eventful elevator journey to the first floor. Christian frowns at me. “What are you thinking about?” he whispers. “The first time I drank this champagne.” His frown becomes more quizzical. “We were at your club.” I prompt. He grins. “Oh yes. I remember.” He winks at me. “Elliot, have you set a date?” Mia pipes up. Elliot gives his sister an exasperated stare. “I’ve only just asked Kate, so we’ll get back to you on that, ’kay?” “Oh, make it a Christmas wedding. That would be so romantic, and you’d have no trouble remembering your anniversary.” Mia claps her hands. “I’ll take that under advisement,” Elliot smirks at her. “After the champagne, please can we go clubbing?” Mia turns and gives Christian her biggest, brown- eyed look. “I think we should ask Elliot and Kate what they’d like to do.” As one, we turn expectantly to them. Elliot shrugs and Kate turns puce. Her carnal intent toward her fiancé is so clear I nearly spit fourhundred-dollar champagne all over the table. Zax is the most exclusive nightclub in Aspen—or so says Mia. Christian strolls, his arm wrapped around my waist, to the front of the short line and is immediately granted access. I wonder briefly if he owns the place. I glance at my watch—eleven thirty in the evening, and I’m feeling fuzzy. The two glasses of champagne and several glasses of Pouilly-Fumé during our meal are starting to have an effect, and I’m grateful Christian has his arm around me. “Mr. Grey, welcome back,” says a very attractive, leggy blonde in black satin hot pants, matching sleeveless shirt, and a little red bowtie. She smiles broadly, revealing perfect all-American teeth between scarlet lips that match her bowtie. “Max will take your coat.”
A young man dressed entirely in black, fortunately not satin, smiles as he offers to take my coat. His dark eyes are warm and inviting. I am the only one wearing a coat—Christian insisted I take Mia’s trench coat to cover my behind—so Max only has to deal with me. “Nice coat,” he says, gazing at me intently. Beside me Christian bristles and fixes Max with a back-off-now glare. He reddens and quickly hands Christian my coat check ticket. “Let me show you to your table.” Miss Satin Hot Pants flutters her eyelashes at my husband, flicks her long blond hair, and sashays through the entryway. I tighten my grip around Christian, and he gazes down at me questioningly for a moment, then smirks as we follow Miss Satin Hot Pants into the bar. The lighting is muted, the walls are black, I think, and the furnishings deep red. There are booths flanking two sides of the walls and a large U-shaped bar in the middle. It’s busy, given that we’re here off-season, but not too crowded with the well-heeled of Aspen out for a good time on a Saturday night. The dress code is relaxed, and for the first time I feel a little over . . . um, underdressed. I’m not sure which. The floor and walls vibrate with the music pulsing from the dance floor behind the bar and lights are whirling and flashing on and off. In my heady state I idly think it’s an epileptic’s nightmare. Satin Hot Pants leads us to a corner booth that’s been roped off. It’s near the bar with access to the dance floor. Clearly the best seats in the house. “There’ll be someone along to take your order shortly.” She gives us her full megawatt smile and, with a final flutter of eyelashes at my husband, sashays back from where she came. Mia is already jigging from foot to foot, itching to get onto the dance floor, and Ethan takes pity on her. “Champagne?” Christian asks as they head off hand in hand toward the dance floor. Ethan gives him a thumbs-up and Mia nods enthusiastically. Kate and Elliot sit back on the soft velvet seating, hand in hand. They look so happy, their features soft and radiant in the glow from the tea lights flickering in crystal holders on the low table. Christian gestures for me to sit, and I scoot in beside Kate. He takes a seat beside me and anxiously scans the room. “Show me your ring.” I raise my voice over the music. I will be hoarse by the time we leave. Kate beams at me and holds up her hand. The ring is exquisite—a single solitaire in a fine elaborate claw with tiny diamonds on either side. It has a retro Victorian look to it. “It’s beautiful.”
She nods in delight and, reaching over, squeezes Elliot’s thigh. He leans down and kisses her. “Get a room,” I call out. Elliot grins. A young woman with short dark hair and a mischievous smile, wearing regulation, black satin, hot pants, comes to take our order. “What do you want to drink?” Christian asks. “You’re not picking up the tab for this, too,” Elliot grumbles. “Don’t start that shit, Elliot,” Christian says mildly. Despite the objections of Kate, Elliot and Ethan, Christian has paid for the meal we just consumed. He simply waved them aside and would not hear of anyone else paying. I gaze at him lovingly. My Fifty Shades . . . always in control. Elliot opens his mouth to say something but, wisely perhaps, closes it again. “I’ll have a beer,” he says. “Kate?” Christian asks. “More champagne, please. The Cristal is delicious. But I’m sure Ethan would prefer a beer.” She smiles sweetly— yes, sweetly—at Christian. She is incandescent with happiness. I feel it radiating off her, and it’s a pleasure to bask in her joy. “Ana?” “Champagne, please.” “Bottle of Cristal, three Peronis, and a bottle of iced mineral water, six glasses,” he says in his usual authoritative, no-nonsense manner. It’s kinda hot. “Thank you, sir. Coming right up.” Miss Hot Pants Number Two gives him a gracious smile, but he’s spared the fluttering of eyelashes though her cheeks redden a little. I shake my head in resignation. He’s mine, girlfriend. “What?” he asks me. “She didn’t flutter her eyelashes at you.” I smirk. He blinks at me. “Oh. Was she supposed to?” he asks, and I can tell he’s amused. “Women usually do.” My tone is ironic.
He grins. “Mrs. Grey, are you jealous?” “Not in the slightest.” I pout at him. And I realize in that moment that I am beginning to tolerate women ogling my husband. Almost. Christian clasps my hand and kisses my knuckles. “You have nothing to be jealous of, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs close to my ear, his breath tickling me. “I know.” “Good.” The waitress returns, and moments later I’m sipping another glass of champagne. “Here.” Christian hands me a glass of water. “Drink this.” I frown at him and see, rather than hear, his sigh. “Three glasses of white wine at dinner and two of champagne, after a strawberry daiquiri and two glasses of Frascati at lunchtime. Drink. Now, Ana.” How does he know about the cocktails this afternoon? I scowl at him. But actually he does have a point. Taking the glass of water, I down it in a most unladylike manner to register my protest at being told what to do . . . again. I wipe my hand across the back of my mouth. “Good girl,” he says, smirking. “You’ve vomited on me once already. I don’t wish to experience that again in a hurry.” “I don’t know what you’re complaining about. You got to sleep with me.” He smiles and his eyes soften. “Yeah, I did.” Ethan and Mia are back. “Ethan’s had enough, for now. Come on, girls—let’s hit the floor. Strike a pose, throw some shapes, work off the calories from the chocolate mousse.” Kate stands immediately. “Coming?” she asks Elliot. “Let me watch you,” he says. And I have to look away quickly, blushing at the look he gives her. She grins as I stand. “I’m going to burn some calories,” I say, and leaning down I whisper in Christian’s ear, “You can watch me.”
“Don’t bend over,” he growls. “Okay.” I stand abruptly. Whoa! Head rush and I clutch Christian’s shoulder as the room shifts and tilts a little. “Perhaps you should have some more water,” Christian murmurs, a warning clear in his voice. “I’m fine. These seats are low and my heels are high.” Kate takes my hand, and taking a deep breath I follow her and Mia, perfectly poised, onto the dance floor. The music is pulsing, a techno beat with a thumping bass line. The dance floor isn’t crowded, which means we have some space. The mix is eclectic—young and old alike dancing the night away. I have never been a good dancer. In fact, it’s only since I’ve been with Christian that I dance at all. Kate hugs me. “I’m so happy,” she shouts over the music, and she starts to dance. Mia is doing what Mia does, grinning at the pair of us, throwing herself around. Jeez, she’s taking up a lot of room on the dance floor. I glance back toward the table. Our men are watching us. I start to move. It’s a pulsing rhythm. I close my eyes and surrender to it. I open my eyes to find the dance floor filling up. Kate, Mia and I are forced closer together. And to my surprise I find I’m actually enjoying myself. I begin to move a little more . . . a little more bravely. Kate gives me two thumbs up, and I beam back at her. I close my eyes. Why did I spend the first twenty years of my life not doing this? I chose reading over dancing. Jane Austen didn’t have great music to move to and Thomas Hardy . . . jeez, he’d have felt guilty as sin that he wasn’t dancing with his first wife. I giggle at the thought. It’s Christian. Christian has given me this confidence in my body and how I can move it. Suddenly, there are two hands on my hips. I grin. Christian has joined me. I wiggle, and his hands move to my behind and squeeze, then back to my hips. I open my eyes. And Mia is gaping at me in horror. Shit . . . Am I that bad? I reach down to hold Christian’s hands. They’re hairy. Fuck! They’re not his. I whirl around, and towering over me is a blond giant with more teeth than is natural and a leering smile to showcase them. “Get your hands off me!” I scream over the pounding music, apoplectic with rage. “Come on, sugar, it’s just some fun.” He smiles, holding his apelike hands up, his blue eyes gleaming under the pulsing ultraviolet lights. Before I know what I’m doing, I slap him hard around the face.
Ow! Shit . . . my hand. It stings. “Get away from me!” I shout. He gazes down at me, cupping his red cheek. I thrust my uninjured hand in front of his face, spreading my fingers to show him my rings. “I’m married, you asshole!” He shrugs rather arrogantly and gives me a halfhearted, apologetic smile. I glance around frantically. Mia is at my right, glaring at Blond Giant. Kate is lost in the moment doing her thing. Christian is not at the table. Oh, I hope he’s gone to the restroom. I step back— oh shit—into a front I know well. Christian puts his arm around my waist and moves me to his side. “Keep your fucking hands off my wife,” he says. He’s not shouting, but somehow he can be heard over the music. Holy shit! “She can take care of herself,” Blond Giant shouts. His hand moves from his cheek where I’ve slapped him, and Christian hits him. It’s like I’m watching it in slow motion. A perfectly timed punch to the chin that moves at such speed, but with so little wasted energy, Blond Giant doesn’t see it coming. He crumples to the floor like the scumbag he is. Fuck. “Christian, no!” I gasp in panic, standing in front of him to hold him back. Shit, he’ll kill him. “I already hit him,” I shout over the music. Christian doesn’t look at me. He’s glaring at my assailant with a malevolence I’ve not seen before flaring in his eyes. Well, maybe once before—outside SIP after Jack Hyde’s pass at me. The other dancers move outward like a ripple in a pond, clearing space around us, keeping a safe distance. Blond Giant scrambles to his feet as Elliot joins us. Oh no! Kate is with me, gaping at all of us. Elliot grasps Christian’s arm as Ethan appears, too. “Take it easy, okay? Didn’t mean any harm.” Blond Giant holds his hands up in defeat, beating a hasty retreat. Christian’s eyes follow him off the dance floor. He does not look at me. The song changes from the explicit lyrics of “Sexy Bitch” to a pulsing techno dance number where a woman sings with an impassioned voice. Elliot looks down at me, then across at Christian, and releasing Christian, pulls Kate into a dance. I put my arms around Christian’s neck until he finally makes eye contact, his eyes still blazing—primal and feral, a glimpse of a brawling adolescent. Holy shit. He scrutinizes my face. What is he thinking?
“Are you okay?” he asks finally. “Yes.” I rub my palm, trying to dispel the sting, and bring my hands down to his chest. My hand is throbbing. I have never slapped anyone before. What possessed me? Touching me wasn’t the worst crime against humanity. Was it? Yet deep down I know why I hit him. It’s because I instinctively knew how Christian would react seeing some stranger pawing me. I knew he’d lose his precious self-control. And the thought that some stupid nobody could derail my husband, my love, well, it makes me mad. Really mad. “Do you want to sit down?” Christian asks over the pulsing beat. Oh, come back to me, please. “No. Dance with me.” He gazes down at me impassively, saying nothing. Touch me . . . the woman sings. “Dance with me.” He’s still mad. “Dance. Christian, please.” I take his hands. Christian glares after the guy, but I start to move against him, weaving myself around him. The throng of dancers has circled us once more, although there’s now a two-foot exclusion zone around us. “You hit him?” Christian asks, standing stock-still. I take his fisted hands. “Of course I did. I thought it was you, but his hands were hairier. Please dance with me.” As Christian gazes at me the fire in his eyes slowly changes, evolves into something else, something darker, something hotter. Suddenly, he grabs my wrists and pulls me flush against him, pinning my hands behind my back. “You wanna dance? Let’s dance,” he growls close to my ear, and as he rolls his hips around into me, I can do nothing but follow, his hands holding mine against my backside. Oh . . . Christian can move, really move. He keeps me close, not letting me go, but his hands gradually relax on mine, freeing me. My hands creep around, up his arms, feeling his bunched muscles through his jacket, up to his shoulders. He presses me against him, and I follow his moves as he slowly, sensually dances with me in time to the pulsing beat of the club music. The moment he grabs my hand and spins me first one way, then the other, I know he’s back with me. I grin. He grins.
We dance together and it’s liberating—fun. His anger forgotten, or suppressed, he whirls me around with consummate skill in our small space on the dance floor, never letting go. He makes me graceful, that’s his skill. He makes me sexy, because that’s what he is. He makes me feel loved, because in spite of his fifty shades, he has a wealth of love to give. Watching him now, enjoying himself . . . one could be forgiven for thinking he doesn’t have a care in the world. But I know his love is clouded with issues of overprotectiveness and control, but it doesn’t make me love him any less. I am breathless when the song morphs to another. “Can we sit?” I gasp. “Sure.” He leads me off the dance floor. “You’ve made me rather hot and sweaty,” I whisper as we return to the table. He pulls me into his arms. “I like you hot and sweaty. Though I prefer to make you hot and sweaty in private,” he purrs, and a lascivious smile tugs at his lips. As I sit, it’s as if the incident on the dance floor never happened. I’m vaguely surprised we haven’t been thrown out. I glance around the bar. No one is looking at us, and I can’t see Blond Giant. Maybe he left, or maybe he’s been thrown out. Kate and Elliot are being indecent on the dance floor, Ethan and Mia less so. I take another sip of champagne. “Here.” Christian puts another glass of water before me and regards me intently. His expression is expectant— drink it. Drink it now. I do as I’m told. Besides, I’m thirsty. Reaching over, he lifts a bottle of Peroni from the ice bucket on the table and takes a long drink. “What if there had been press here?” I ask. Christian knows immediately that I’m referring to him knocking Blonde Giant on his ass. “I have expensive lawyers,” he says coolly, all at once arrogance personified. I frown at him. “But you’re not above the law, Christian. I did have the situation under control.” His eyes frost. “No one touches what’s mine,” he says with chilling finality, as if I’m missing the obvious. Oh . . . I take another sip of my champagne. All of a sudden I feel overwhelmed. The music is loud, pounding, my head and feet are aching, and I feel woozy. He grasps my hand. “Come, let’s go. I want to get you home,” he says. Kate and Elliot join us. “You going?” Kate asks and her voice is hopeful. “Yes,” Christian says.
“Good, we’ll come with you.” As we wait at the coat check for Christian to retrieve my trench coat, Kate quizzes me. “What happened with that guy on the dance floor?” “He was feeling me up.” “I opened my eyes and you’d hit him.” I shrug. “Well, I knew Christian would go thermonuclear, and that could potentially ruin your evening.” I haven’t really processed how I feel about Christian’s behavior. I was worried that it would be worse. “Our evening,” she clarifies. “He is rather hot-headed, isn’t he?” Kate adds dryly, staring at Christian as he collects my coat. I snort and smile. “You could say that.” “I think you handle him well.” “Handle?” I frown. Do I handle Christian? “Here.” Christian holds my coat open for me so that I can put it on. “Wake up, Ana.” Christian is shaking me gently. We’ve arrived back at the house. Reluctantly I open my eyes and stagger from the minivan. Kate and Elliot have disappeared, and Taylor is standing patiently beside the vehicle. “Do I need to carry you?” Christian asks. I shake my head. “I’ll fetch Miss Grey and Mr. Kavanagh,” Taylor says. Christian nods then leads me to the front door. My feet are throbbing, and I stumble after him. At the front door he bends down, grasps my ankle, and gently pries off first one shoe, then the other. Oh, the relief. He straightens and gazes down at me, holding my Manolos. “Better?” he asks, amused. I nod.
“I had delightful visions of these around my ears,” he murmurs, staring down wistfully at my shoes. He shakes his head and, taking my hand once more, leads me through the darkened house, and up the stairs to our bedroom. “You’re wrecked, aren’t you?” he says softly, staring down at me. I nod. He starts to unbuckle the belt on my trench coat. “I’ll do it,” I mutter, making a halfhearted attempt to brush him off. “Let me.” I sigh. I had no idea I was this tired. “It’s the altitude. You’re not used to it. And the drinking, of course.” He smirks and divests me of my coat and throws it on one of the bedroom chairs. Taking my hand, he leads me into the bathroom. What? Why are we going in here? “Sit,” he says. I sit on the chair and close my eyes. I hear him messing around with bottles on the vanity unit. I am too tired to open my eyes to find out what he’s doing. A moment later he tips my head back. Now I open my eyes, in surprise. “Eyes closed,” Christian says . Holy crap, he’s holding a cotton ball! Gently, he wipes it over my right eye. I sit stunned as he methodically removes my makeup. “Ah. There’s the woman I married,” he says after a few wipes. “You don’t like makeup?” “I like it well enough, but I prefer what’s beneath it.” He kisses my forehead. “Here. Take these.” He puts some Advil into my palm and hands me a glass of water. I look up at him, pouting. “Take them,” he orders. I roll my eyes, but do as I’m told. “Good. Do you need a private moment?” he asks sardonically. I snort. “So coy, Mr. Grey. Yes, I need to pee.” He laughs. “You expect me to leave?” I giggle. “You want to stay?”
He cocks his head to one side, his expression amused. “You are one kinky son of a bitch. Out. I don’t want you to watch me pee. That’s a step too far.” I stand and wave him out of the bathroom. When I emerge from the bathroom, he’s changed into his pajama bottoms. Hmm . . . Christian in PJs. I gaze mesmerized at his abdomen, his muscles, his happy trail. It’s distracting. He strides over to me. “Enjoying the view?” he asks wryly. “Always.” “I think you’re slightly drunk, Mrs. Grey.” “I think, for once, I have to agree with you, Mr. Grey.” “Let me help you out of what little there is of this dress. It really should come with a health warning.” He turns me around and undoes the single button at the neck. “You were so mad,” I murmur. “Yes. I was.” “At me?” “No. Not at you.” He kisses my shoulder. “For once.” I smile. Not mad at me. This is progress. “Makes a nice change.” “Yes. It does.” He kisses my other shoulder then tugs my dress down over my backside and onto the floor. He removes my panties at the same time, leaving me naked. Reaching up, he takes my hand. “Step,” he commands, and I step out of the dress, holding his hand for balance. He stands, and my dress and panties join Mia’s trench coat on the chair. “Arms up,” he says softly. He slips his T-shirt over me and pulls it down, covering me up. I am ready for bed. He pulls me into his arms and kisses me, my minty breath mingling with his. “As much as I’d love to bury myself in you, Mrs. Grey—you’ve had too much to drink, you’re at nearly eight thousand feet, and you didn’t
sleep well yesterday. Come. Get into bed.” He pulls back the duvet and I climb in. He covers me up and kisses my forehead once more. “Close your eyes. When I come back to bed, I’ll expect you to be asleep.” It’s a threat, a command . . . it’s Christian. “Don’t go,” I plead. “I have some calls to make, Ana.” “It’s Saturday. It’s late. Please.” He runs his hands through his hair. “Ana, if I come to bed with you now, you won’t get any rest. Sleep.” He’s adamant. I close my eyes and his lips brush my forehead once more. “Goodnight, baby,” he breathes. Images of the day flash through my mind . . . Christian hauling me over his shoulder in the plane. His anxiety as to whether or not I’d like the house. Making love this afternoon. The bath. His reaction to my dress. Decking Blond Giant—my palm tingles at the memory. And then Christian putting me to bed. Who would have thought? I grin widely, the word progress running around my brain as I drift. Chapter Fifteen I am too warm. Christian warm. His head is on my shoulder, and he’s breathing softly on my neck while he sleeps, his legs threaded through mine, his arm around my waist. I linger on the edge of consciousness, aware that if I wake fully I’ll wake him, too, and he doesn’t sleep enough. Hazily my mind wanders through the events of yesterday evening. I drank too much—boy did I drink too much. I’m amazed Christian let me. I smile as I remember him putting me to bed. That was sweet, real sweet, and unexpected. I conduct a quick mental inventory of how I’m feeling. Stomach? Fine. Head? Surprisingly, fine, but fuzzy. My palm is still red from last night. Sheesh. Idly I think about Christian’s palms when he’s spanked me. I squirm and he wakes. “What’s wrong?” Sleepy gray eyes search mine. “Nothing. Good morning.” I run the fingers of my uninjured hand through his hair. “Mrs. Grey, you look lovely this morning,” he says, kissing my cheek, and I light up from within.
“Thank you for taking care of me last night.” “I like taking care of you. It’s what I want to do,” he says quietly, but his eyes betray him as triumph flares in their gray depths. It’s like he’s won the World Series or the Super Bowl. Oh, my Fifty. “You make me feel cherished.” “That’s because you are,” he murmurs and my heart clenches. He reaches up to clasp my hand. I wince. Christian releases me immediately, alarmed. “The punch?” he asks. His eyes frost as he scrutinizes mine, and his voice is laced with sudden anger. “I slapped him. I didn’t punch him.” “That fucker!” I thought we’d dealt with this last night. “I can’t bear that he touched you.” “He didn’t hurt me, he was just inappropriate. Christian, I’m okay. My hand’s a little red, that’s all. Surely you know what that’s like?” I smirk, and his expression changes to one of amused surprise. “Why, Mrs. Grey, I am very familiar with that.” His lips twist in amusement. “I could reacquaint myself with that feeling this minute, should you so wish.” “Oh, stow your twitching palm, Mr. Grey.” I stroke his face with the injured hand, my fingers caressing his sideburn. Gently I tug the little hairs. It distracts him, and he takes my hand and plants a tender kiss in my palm. Miraculously, the pain disappears. “Why didn’t you tell me this hurt last night?” “Um . . . I didn’t really feel it last night. It’s okay now.” His eyes soften and his mouth twists. “How are you feeling?” “Better than I deserve.” “That’s quite a right arm you have there, Mrs. Grey.”
“You’d do well to remember that, Mr. Grey.” “Oh really?” He rolls suddenly so that he’s fully on top of me, pressing me into the mattress, holding my wrists above my head. He gazes down at me. “I’d fight you any day, Mrs. Grey. In fact, subduing you in bed is a fantasy of mine.” He kisses my throat. What? “I thought you subdued me all the time.” I gasp as he nibbles my earlobe. “Hmm . . . but I’d like some resistance,” he murmurs, his nose skirting my jaw. Resistance? I still. He stops, releasing my hands, and leans up on his elbows. “You want me to fight you? Here?” I whisper, trying to contain my surprise. Okay—my shock. He nods, his eyes hooded but wary as he gauges my reaction. “Now?” He shrugs, and I see the idea flit through his mind. He gives me his shy smile and nods again, slowly. Oh my . . . He’s tensed, lying on top of me, his growing erection digging tantalizingly into my soft, willing flesh, distracting me. What’s this about? Brawling? Fantasy? Will he hurt me? My inner goddess shakes her head— Never. She’s got her karate suit on and she’s limbering up. Claude would be pleased. “Is this what you meant about coming to bed angry?” He nods once more, his eyes still wary. Hmm . . . my Fifty wants to rumble. “Don’t bite your lip,” he warns. Compliantly, I release my lip. “I think you have me at a disadvantage, Mr. Grey.” I bat my lashes and squirm provocatively beneath him. This could be fun. “Disadvantage?” “Surely you’ve already got me where you want me?” He smirks and presses his groin into mine once more. “Good point well made, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers and quickly kisses my lips. Abruptly he shifts and takes me with him, rolling over so I’m straddling him. I grab his hands, pinning them to the side of his head,
and ignore the protesting ache from my hand. My hair falls in a chestnut veil around us, and I move my head so that the strands tickle his face. He jerks his face away but doesn’t try to stop me. “So, you want to play rough?” I ask, skimming my crotch over his. His mouth opens and he inhales sharply. “Yes.” He hisses, and I release him. “Wait.” I reach over for the glass of water beside the bed. Christian must have left it here. It’s cool and sparkling—too cool to have been sitting here for long. Briefly, I wonder when he came to bed. As I take a long draught, Christian reaches forward and runs his hands up from my knees. His fingers trail in small circles over my thighs, leaving tingling skin in their wake as they travel to my naked behind. He cups and squeezes me. Hmm. Taking a leaf from his impressive repertoire, I lean forward and kiss him, pouring clear cool water into his mouth. He drinks. “Very tasty, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs and grins up at me, boyish and playful. Placing the glass back on the bedside table, I then remove his hands from my backside and pin them by his head once more. “So I’m supposed to be unwilling?” I smirk. “Yes.” “I’m not much of an actress.” He grins. “Try.” I lean down and kiss him chastely. “Okay, I’ll play,” I whisper, trailing my teeth along his jaw, feeling his prickly stubble beneath my teeth and my tongue. Christian makes a low, sexy sound in his throat and moves, tossing me onto the bed beside him. I cry out in surprise, then he’s on top of me, and I start to struggle as he makes a grab for my hands. Roughly, I place my hands on his chest, pushing with all my might, trying to shift him, while he endeavors to pry my legs apart with his knee. I continue pushing at his chest— jeez he’s heavy—but he doesn’t flinch, doesn’t freeze as he once might have. He’s enjoying this! He attempts to grab my wrists, and finally captures one, despite my valiant attempts to twist it free. It’s my sore hand, so I surrender it to him, but grab his hair with my other hand and pull hard. “Ah!” He yanks his head free and gazes down at me, his eyes wild and carnal.
“Savage,” he whispers, his voice laced with salacious delight. In response to this one whispered word my libido explodes, and I stop acting. Again I struggle in vain to wrest my hand out of his hold. At the same time I try to hook my ankles together, and attempt to buck him off me. He’s too heavy. Gah— it’s frustrating and hot. With a groan, Christian captures my other hand. He holds both my wrists in his left hand, and his right travels leisurely—insolently, almost—down my body, fondling and feeling as it goes, tweaking my nipple on the way. I yelp in response, pleasure spiking short, sharp, and hot from my nipple to my groin. I make another fruitless attempt to buck him off, but he’s just too on me. When he tries to kiss me I jerk my head to the side so he can’t. Promptly his insolent hand moves from the hem of my T-shirt up to my chin, holding me in place as he runs his teeth along my jaw, mirroring what I did to him earlier. “Oh, baby, fight me,” he murmurs. I twist and writhe, trying to free myself from his merciless hold, but it’s hopeless. He’s much stronger than me. He’s gently biting at my lower lip as his tongue tries to invade my mouth. And I realize I don’t want to resist him. I want him—I want him now, like I always do. I stop fighting and fervently return his kiss. I don’t care that I haven’t brushed my teeth. I don’t care that we’re supposed to be playing some game. Desire hot and hard surges through my bloodstream, and I’m lost, lost to him. Unhooking my ankles, I wrap my legs around his hips and use my heels to push his pajamas down over his behind. “Ana,” he breathes, and he kisses me everywhere. And we’re no longer wrestling, but quick and urgent, all hands and tongues and touch and taste. “Skin,” he murmurs hoarsely, his breathing labored. He drags me up and drags off my T-shirt in one swift move. “You,” I whisper while I’m upright, because it’s all I can think of to say. I seize the front his pajamas and yank them down, freeing his erection. I grab and squeeze him. He’s hard. The air whistles through his teeth as he inhales sharply, and I revel in his response. “Fuck,” he murmurs. He leans back, lifting my thighs, tipping me down onto the bed as I pull and squeeze him tightly, running my hand up and down him. Feeling a bead of moisture on his tip, I swirl it around with my thumb. As he lowers me to the mattress, I slip my thumb in my mouth to taste him while his hands travel up my body, caressing my hips, my stomach, my breasts. “Taste good?” he asks as he hovers over me, eyes blazing. “Yes. Here.” I push my thumb into his mouth and he sucks and bites the pad. I groan, grasp his head and pull him down to me so I can kiss him. Wrapping my legs around him, I push his pajamas off his legs with
my feet, then cradle him with my legs around his waist. His lips trail from across my jaw to my chin, nipping softly. “You’re so beautiful.” He dips his head lower to the base of my throat. “Such beautiful skin.” His breath is soft as his lips glide down to my breasts. What? I am panting, confused—wanting, now waiting. I thought this was going to be quick. “Christian.” I hear the quiet plea in my voice and reach down, fisting my hands in his hair. “Hush,” he whispers and circles my nipple with his tongue before pulling it into his mouth and tugging hard. “Ah!” I moan and squirm, tilting my pelvis up to tempt him. He grins against my skin and turns his attention to my other breast. “Impatient, Mrs. Grey?” He then sucks hard on my nipple. I tug his hair. He groans and peers up. “I’ll restrain you,” he warns. “Take me,” I beg. “All in good time,” he murmurs against my skin. His hand travels down at an infuriatingly slow speed to my hip as he worships my nipple with his mouth. I moan loudly, my breath short and shallow, and try once more to entice him into me, rocking against him. He’s thick and heavy and close, but he’s taking his own sweet leisurely time with me. Fuck this. I struggle and twist, determined to buck him off me again. “What the—” Grabbing my hands, Christian pins them down on the bed, my arms spread wide, and rests his full bodyweight on me, completely subduing me. I am breathless, wild. “You wanted resistance,” I say, panting. He rears up over me and gazes down, his hands still locked around my wrists. I place my heels under his behind and push. He doesn’t move. Gah! “You don’t want to play nice?” he asks astonished, his eyes alight with excitement. “I just want you to make love to me, Christian.” Could he be any more obtuse? First we’re fighting and wrestling then he’s all tender and sweet. It’s confusing. I’m in bed with Mr. Mercurial. “Please.” I press my heels against his backside once more. Burning gray eyes search mine. Oh, what is he thinking? He looks momentarily bewildered and confused. He releases my hands and sits back on his heels, pulling me into his lap.
“Okay, Mrs. Grey, we’ll do this your way.” He reaches around my waist, lifts, and slowly lowers me on to him so I’m straddling him. “Ah!” This is it. This is what I want. This is what I need. Curling my arms around his neck, I twist my fingers in his hair, glorying in the feeling of him inside me. I start to move. Taking control, taking him at my pace, at my speed. He moans, and his lips find mine and we’re lost. I trail my fingers through the hair on Christian’s chest. He lies on his back, still and quiet beside me as we both catch our breath. His hand thrums rhythmically down my back. “You’re quiet,” I whisper and kiss his shoulder. He turns and looks down at me, his expression giving nothing away. “That was fun.” I add. Shit, is something wrong? “You confound me, Mrs. Grey.” “Confound you?” He shifts so that we’re face to face. “Yes. You. Calling the shots. It’s . . . different.” “Good different? Or bad different?” I reach up and trail a finger over his lips. His brow furrows, as if he doesn’t quite understand the question. Absentmindedly, he purses his lips to kiss my finger. “Good different,” he says, but he doesn’t sound convinced. “You’ve never indulged this little fantasy before?” I blush as I say it. Do I really want to know any more about my husband’s colorful . . . um, kaleidoscopic, sex life before me? My subconscious eyes me warily over her tortoiseshell half-moon specs. Do you really want to go there? “No, Anastasia, you can touch me.” It’s a simple explanation that speaks volumes. Of course, the fifteen couldn’t. “Mrs. Robinson could touch you.” I murmur the words before my brain registers what I’ve said. Shit. He stills. His eyes widen with his oh-no-where’s-she-going-withthis? expression. “That was different,” he whispers. Suddenly I want to know. “Good different or bad different?” He gazes at me. Doubt and possibly pain flit across his face, and fleetingly he looks like a man drowning. Why did I mention her? “Bad, I think.” His words are barely audible. Holy shit!
“I thought you liked it.” “I did. At the time.” “Not now?” He gazes at me, eyes wide, then slowly shakes his head. Oh my . . . “Oh, Christian.” I’m overwhelmed by the feelings that swamp me. My lost boy. I launch myself at him and kiss his face, his throat, his chest, his little round scars. He groans, pulls me to him, and kisses me passionately. And very slowly, and tenderly, at his pace, he makes love to me once more. “Ana Tyson. Punching above your weight!” Ethan applauds as I head into the kitchen for breakfast. He, Mia, and Kate are sitting at the breakfast bar while Mrs. Bentley cooks waffles. Christian is nowhere to be seen. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey.” Mrs. Bentley smiles. “What would you like for breakfast?” “Good Morning. Whatever’s going, thank you. Where’s Christian?” “Outside.” Kate gestures with her head toward the backyard. I wander over to the window that looks out onto the yard and the mountains beyond. It’s a clear, powder-blue summer day, and my beautiful husband is about twenty feet away in deep discussion with some guy. “That’s Mr. Bentley he’s talking to,” calls Mia from the breakfast bar. I turn to look at her, distracted by her sulky tone. She looks venomously at Ethan. Oh dear. I wonder once more what’s going on between them. Frowning I turn my attention back to my husband and Mr. Bentley. Mrs. Bentley’s husband is fair-haired, dark eyed and wiry, dressed in work pants and an Aspen Fire Department T-shirt. Christian is dressed in his black jeans and T-shirt. As the two men amble across the lawn toward the house lost in their conversation, Christian casually bends to pick up what looks like a bamboo cane that must have been blown over or discarded in the flowerbed. Pausing, Christian absentmindedly holds out the cane at arm’s length as if weighing it carefully and swipes it through the air, just once. Oh . . . Mr. Bentley appears to see nothing odd in his behavior. They continue their discussion, nearer the house this time, then pause once more, and Christian repeats the gesture. The tip of the cane hits the ground. Glancing up, Christian sees me standing at the window. Suddenly I feel as if I’m spying on him. He blinks. I give him an embarrassed wave then turn and walk back to the breakfast bar. “What were you doing?” asks Kate.
“Just watching Christian.” “You have got it bad.” She snorts. “And you don’t, oh soon-to-be sister-in-law?” I reply, grinning at her and trying to bury the disquieting visual of Christian wielding a cane. I am startled when Kate leaps up and hugs me. “Sister!” she exclaims, and it’s hard not to be swept up in her joy. ~o0o~ “Hey, sleepyhead.” Christian wakes me. “We’re coming in to land. Buckle up.” I fumble sleepily for my seat belt, but Christian leans over and fastens it for me. He kisses my forehead before settling back into his seat. I lean my head on his shoulder again and close my eyes. An impossibly long walk, followed by a picnic lunch on top of a spectacular mountain, has exhausted me. The rest of our party is quiet, too—even Mia. She looks despondent, as she has all day. I wonder how her campaign with Ethan is going. I don’t even know where they slept last night. My eyes catch hers and I give a small are-you-okay? smile. She gives me a brief sad smile in return and goes back to her book. I peek up at Christian through my lashes. He’s working on a contract or something, reading it through and annotating the margins. But he seems relaxed. Elliot is snoring softly beside Kate. I have yet to corner Elliot and quiz him about Gia, but it’s been impossible to pry him away from Kate. Christian isn’t interested enough to ask, which is irritating, but I haven’t pressed him. We’ve been enjoying ourselves too much. Elliot rests his hand possessively on Kate’s knee. She’s looking radiant, and to think that only yesterday afternoon she was so unsure of him. What did Christian call him? Lelliot. Perhaps that’s a family nickname? It was sweet, better than manwhore. Abruptly, Elliot opens his eyes and gazes straight at me. I blush, caught staring. He grins. “I sure love your blush, Ana,” he teases, stretching. Kate gives me her self-satisfied, cat-ate- the-canary smile. Officer Beighley announces our approach to Sea-Tac, and Christian clasps my hand. ~o0o~ “How was your weekend, Mrs. Grey?” Christian asks once we’re in the Audi heading back to Escala. Taylor and Ryan are up front.
“Good, thank you.” I smile, feeling shy all of a sudden. “We can go anytime. Take anyone you wish to take.” “We should take Ray. He’d like the fishing.” “That’s a good idea.” “How was it for you?” I ask. “Good,” he says after a moment, surprised I think, by my question. “Real good.” “You seemed to relax.” He shrugs. “I knew you were safe.” I frown. “Christian, I’m safe most of the time. I’ve told you before, you’ll keel over at forty if you keep up this level of anxiety. And I want to grow old and gray with you.” I reach over and grasp his hand. He looks at me as if he can’t comprehend what I’m saying. Gently taking my hand, he kisses my knuckles and changes the subject. “How’s your hand?” “It’s better, thank you.” He smiles. “Very good, Mrs. Grey. You ready to face Gia again?” Oh crap. I’d forgotten we were seeing her this evening to go over the final plans. I roll my eyes. “I might want to keep you out of the way, keep you safe.” I smirk. “Protecting me?” Christian is laughing at me. “As ever, Mr. Grey. From all sexual predators,” I whisper. ~o0o~ Christian is brushing his teeth when I crawl into bed. Tomorrow we go back to reality—back to work, the paparazzi, and to Jack in custody but with the possibility that he has an accomplice. Hmm . . . Christian was vague about that. Does he know? And if he did know, would he tell me? I sigh. Getting information out of Christian is like pulling teeth, and we’ve had such a lovely weekend. Do I want to ruin the feel- good moment by trying to drag the information out of him? It’s been a revelation to see him out of his normal environment, outside this apartment, relaxed and happy with his family. I wonder vaguely if it’s because we’re here in this apartment—with all its
memories and associations—that he gets wound up. Maybe we should move. I snort. We are moving—we’re having a huge house refurbished on the coast. Gia’s plans are complete and approved, and Elliot’s team starts building next week. I chuckle as I recall Gia’s shocked expression when I told her that I’d seen her in Aspen. Turns out it was nothing but co-incidence. She’d camped out at her holiday place to work solely on our plans. For one awful moment I’d thought she’d had a hand in choosing the ring, but apparently not. But I still don’t trust Gia; I want to hear the same story from Elliot. At least she kept her distance from Christian this time. I look out at the night sky. I will miss this view. This panoramic vista . . . Seattle at our feet, so full of possibilities, yet so far removed. Maybe that’s Christian’s problem—he’s been too isolated from real life for too long, thanks to his self-imposed exile. Yet with his family around him, he is less controlling, less anxious—freer, happier. I wonder what Flynn would make of all that. Holy crap! Maybe that’s the answer. Maybe he needs his own family. I shake my head in denial— we’re too young, too new to all this. Christian strides into the room, looking his usual gorgeous but pensive self. “Everything okay?” I ask. He nods distractedly as he climbs into bed. “I’m not looking forward to going back to reality,” I murmur. “No?” I shake my head and reach up to caress his lovely face. “I had a wonderful weekend. Thank you.” He smiles softly. “You’re my reality, Ana,” he murmurs, leans forward, and kisses me. “Do you miss it?” “Miss what?” he asks, perplexed. “You know. The caning . . . and stuff,” I whisper, embarrassed. He stares at me, his gaze impassive. Then doubt crosses his face, his where-is-she-going-with-this look. “No Anastasia, I don’t.” His voice is steady and quiet. He caresses my cheek. “Dr. Flynn said something to me when you left, something that’s stayed with me. He said I couldn’t be that way, if you weren’t so inclined. It was a revelation.” He stops, and frowns. “I didn’t know any other way, Ana. Now I do. It’s been educational.” “Me, educate you?” I scoff.
His eyes soften. “Do you miss it?” he asks. Oh! “I don’t want you to hurt me, but I like to play, Christian. You know that. If you wanted to do something . . .” I shrug, gazing at him. “Something?” “You know, with a flogger or your crop—” I stop, blushing. He raises his brow, surprised. “Well . . . we’ll see. Right now, I’d like some good old-fashioned vanilla.” His thumb skirts my bottom lip, and he kisses me once more. ~o0o~ From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Good Morning Date: August 29, 2011 09:14 To: Christian Grey Mr. Grey I just wanted to tell you that I love you. That is all. Yours Always A x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Banishing Monday Blues Date: August 29, 2011 09:18 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey
What gratifying words to hear from one’s wife (errant or not) on a Monday morning. Let me assure you that I feel exactly the same way. Sorry about the dinner this evening. I hope it won’t be too tedious for you. x Christian Grey, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh yes. The American Shipbuilding Association dinner. I roll my eyes . . . more stuffed shirts. Christian really does take me to the most fascinating functions. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Ships that pass in the night Date: August 29, 2011 09:26 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I am sure you can think of a way to spice up the dinner . . . Yours in anticipation Mrs. G. x Anastasia (non-errant) Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Variety is the Spice of Life Date: August 29, 2011 09:35 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey
I have a few ideas . . . x Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Now Impatient for the ASA Dinner Inc. All the muscles in my belly clench. Hmm . . . I wonder what he’ll dream up. Hanna knocks on the door, interrupting my reverie. “Ready to go through your schedule for this week, Ana?” “Sure. Sit.” I smile, recovering my equilibrium, and minimize my email program. “I’ve had to move a couple of appointments. Mr. Fox next week and Dr.—” My phone rings, interrupting her. It’s Roach. He asks me up to his office. “Can we pick this up in twenty minutes?” “Of course.” ~o0o~ From: Christian Grey Subject: Last night Date: August 30, 2011 09:24 To: Anastasia Grey Was . . . fun. Who would have thought the ASA annual dinner could be so stimulating? As ever, you never disappoint, Mrs. Grey. I love you. x
Christian Grey In awe, CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: I love a good ball game . . . Date: August 30, 2011 09:33 To: Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey I have missed the silver balls. You never disappoint. That is all. Mrs. G. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP Hannah taps on my door, interrupting my erotic thoughts of the previous evening. Christian’s hands . . . his mouth. “Come in.” “Ana, Mr. Roach’s PA just called. He’d like you to attend a meeting this morning. It means I have to move some of your appointments again. Is that okay.” His tongue. “Sure. Yes,” I mutter trying to halt my wayward thoughts. She grins and ducks out of my office . . . leaving me with my delicious memory of last night. ~o0o~ From: Christian Grey
Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:24 To: Anastasia Grey Anastasia For your information, Hyde has been refused bail and remanded in custody. He’s charged with attempted kidnap and arson. As yet no date has been set for the trial. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:53 To: Christian Grey That’s good news. Does this mean you’l lighten up on security? I real y don’t see eye to eye with Prescott. Ana x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Hyde Date: September 1, 2011 15:59
To: Anastasia Grey No. Security will remain in place. No arguments. What’s wrong with Prescott? If you don’t like her, we’l replace her. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I scowl at his high-handed e-mail. Prescott isn’t that bad. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Keep your hair on! Date: September 1, 2011 16:03 To: Christian Grey I was just asking (rol s eyes). And I’l think about Prescott. Stow that twitchy palm! Ana x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Don’t tempt me. Date: September 1, 2011 16:11 To: Anastasia Grey I can assure you, Mrs. Grey, that my hair is very firmly attached—has this not been demonstrated often enough by your good self? My palm, however, is twitching.
I might do something about that tonight. x Christian Grey Not bald yet CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Squirm Date: September 1, 2011 16:20 To: Christian Grey Promises, promises . . . Now stop pestering me. I am trying to work; I have an impromptu meeting with an author. Will try not to be distracted by thoughts of you during the meeting. A x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP ~o0o~ From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Sailing & Soaring & Spanking Date: September 5, 2011 09:18 To: Christian Grey Husband You sure know how to show a girl a good time. I shall of course be expecting this kind of treatment every weekend.
You are spoiling me. I love it. Your wife xox Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: My life’s mission . . . Date: September 5, 2011 09:25 To: Anastasia Grey Is to spoil you, Mrs. Grey. And keep you safe because I love you. Christian Grey Smitten CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh my. Could he be any more romantic? From: Anastasia Grey Subject: My life’s mission . . . Date: September 5, 2011 09:33 To: Christian Grey Is to let you—because I love you, too. Now stop being so sappy. You are making me cry.
Anastasia Grey Equally Smitten Commissioning Editor, SIP ~o0o~ The following day, I gaze at the calendar on my desk. Only five days until September 10—my birthday. I know we are driving out to the house to see how Elliot and his crew are progressing. Hmm . . . I wonder if Christian has any other plans? I smile at the thought. Hanna taps on my door. “Come in.” Prescott is hovering outside . Odd . . . “Hi, Ana,” says Hanna. “There’s a Leila Williams here to see you? She says it’s personal.” “Leila Williams? I don’t know a . . .” My mouth goes dry, and Hanna’s eyes widen at my expression. Leila? Fuck. What does she want? Chapter Sixteen “Do you want me to send her away?” Hanna asks, alarmed at my expression. “Um, no. Where is she?” “In reception. She’s not alone. She’s accompanied by another young woman.” Oh! “And Miss Prescott wants to talk to you,” Hanna adds. I’m sure she does. “Send her in.” Hanna stands aside and Prescott enters my office. She’s on a mission, bristling with professional efficiency. “Give me a moment, Hanna. Prescott, take a seat.”
Hanna closes the door, leaving Prescott and me alone. “Mrs. Grey, Leila Williams is on your proscribed list of visitors.” “What!” I have a proscribed list? “On our watch list, ma’am. Taylor and Welch have been quite specific about not letting her come into contact with you.” I frown, not understanding. “Is she dangerous?” “I can’t say, ma’am.” “Why do I even know that she’s here?” Prescott swallows and for a moment looks awkward. “I was on a restroom break. She came in, spoke directly to Claire, and Claire called Hanna.” “Oh. I see.” I realize that even Prescott has to pee, and I laugh. “Oh dear.” “Yes ma’am.” Prescott gives me an embarrassed grin, and it’s the first time I’ve seen a chink in her armor. She has a lovely smile. “I need to talk to Claire about protocol, again,” she says, her tone weary. “Sure. Does Taylor know she’s here?” I cross my fingers unconsciously, hoping she hasn’t told Christian. “I left a brief voice message for him.” Oh. “Then I only have a short time. I’d like to know what she wants.” Prescott gazes at me for a moment. “I must advise against it, ma’am.” “She’s here to see me for a reason.” “I’m supposed to prevent that, ma’am.” Her voice is soft but resigned. “I really want to hear what she has to say.” My tone is more forceful than I intend. Prescott stifles her sigh. “I’d like to search them both before you do.” “Okay. Can you do that?” “I’m here to protect you, Mrs. Grey, so yes, I can. I’d also like to stay with you while you talk.”
“Okay.” I’ll grant her this concession. Besides, last time I met Leila she was armed. “Go ahead.” Prescott rises. “Hanna,” I call. Hanna opens the door too quickly. She must have been hovering outside. “Can you check to see if the meeting room is free, please?” “I already have, and it’s good to go.” “Prescott, can you search them in there? Is it private enough?” “Yes ma’am.” “I’ll be there in five minutes, then. Hanna, show Mrs. Williams and whomever she’s with into the meeting room.” “Will do.” Hanna looks anxiously from Prescott to me. “Shall I cancel your next meeting? It’s at four, but it’s across town.” “Yes,” I murmur, distracted. Hanna nods then leaves. What the hell does Leila want? I don’t think she’s here to do me any harm. She didn’t in the past when she had the opportunity. Christian is going to go nuts. My subconscious purses her lips, primly crosses her legs, and nods. I need to tell him that I am doing this. I type a quick email, then pause, checking the time. I feel a momentary pang of regret. We’ve been getting along so well since Aspen. I press send. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Visitors Date: September 6, 2011 15:27 To: Christian Grey Christian Leila is here to see me. I will see her with Prescott. I’l use my newly acquired slapping skil s with my now healed hand should I need to.
Try, and I mean try, not to worry. I am a big girl. Wil cal once we’ve spoken. A x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP Hurriedly, I hide my BlackBerry in my desk drawer. I stand, smoothing my gray pencil skirt over my hips, pinch my cheeks to give them some color, and undo the next button on my gray silk blouse. Okay, I’m ready. After taking a deep breath, I head out of my office to meet Mrs. Leila Williams, ignoring “Your Love is King” humming gently from inside my desk. Leila looks much better. More than better—she’s very attractive. There’s a rosy bloom to her cheeks, and her hazel eyes are bright, her hair clean and shiny. She’s dressed in a pale pink blouse and white pants. She stands as soon as I enter the meeting room, as does her friend—another dark-haired young woman with soft brown eyes, the color of brandy. Prescott hovers in the corner, not taking her eyes off Leila. “Mrs. Grey, thank you so much for seeing me.” Leila’s voice is soft but clear. “Um . . . Sorry about the security,” I mutter because I cannot think what else to say. I wave a hand distractedly at Prescott. “This is my friend Susi.” “Hi.” I nod at Susi. She looks like Leila. She looks like me. Oh no. Another one. “Yes,” Leila says, as if reading my thoughts. “Susi knows Mr. Grey, too.” What the hell am I supposed to say to that? I give her a polite smile. “Please, sit,” I murmur. There’s a knock on the door. It’s Hanna. I motion her in, knowing full well why she’s disturbing us. “Sorry to interrupt, Ana. I have Mr. Grey on the line?” “Tell him I’m busy.”
“He was quite insistent,” she says fearfully. “I am sure he was. Would you apologize to him, and say I’ll call him back very shortly?” Hanna hesitates. “Hanna, please.” She nods and scuttles out of the room. I turn back to the two women sitting in front of me. They are both staring at me in awe. It’s uncomfortable. “What can I do for you?” I ask. Susi speaks. “I know this is all kinds of weird, but I wanted to meet you, too. The woman who captured Chris—” I hold up my hand, stopping her in mid-flow. I do not want to hear this. “Um . . . I get the picture,” I mutter. “We call ourselves the sub club.” She grins at me, her eyes shining with mirth. Oh my God. Leila gasps and gapes at Susi, at once amused and appalled. Susi winces. I suspect Leila’s kicked her under the table. What the hell am I supposed to say to that? I glance nervously at Prescott, who remains impassive, her eyes never leaving Leila. Susi seems to remember herself. She blushes, then nods and stands. “I’ll wait in reception. This is Lulu’s show.” I can tell she’s embarrassed. Lulu? “You’ll be okay?” she asks Leila, who smiles up at her. Susi gives me a large, open, genuine smile and exits the room. Susi and Christian . . . it’s not a thought I wish to dwell on. Prescott takes her phone out of her pocket and answers it. I didn’t hear it ring. “Mr. Grey,” she says. Leila and I turn to look at her. Prescott closes her eyes as if in pain. “Yes, sir,” she says and stepping forward hands me the phone. I roll my eyes. “Christian,” I murmur, trying to contain my exasperation. I stand and stride briskly out of the room.
“What the fuck are you playing at?” he shouts. He’s seething. “Don’t shout at me.” “What do you mean don’t shout at you?” he shouts, louder this time. “I gave specific instructions which you have completely disregarded— again. Hell, Ana, I am fucking furious.” “When you are calmer, we will talk about this.” “Don’t you hang up on me,” he hisses. “Goodbye, Christian.” I hang up and switch off Prescott’s phone. Holy shit. I don’t have long with Leila. Taking a deep breath, I reenter the meeting room. Both Leila and Prescott look up at me expectantly, and I hand Prescott her phone. “Where were we?” I ask Leila as I sit back down opposite her. Her eyes widen slightly. Yes—apparently I handle him, I want to say to her. But I don’t think she wants to hear that. Leila fiddles nervously with the ends of her hair. “First, I wanted to apologize,” she says softly. Oh . . . She glances up and registers my surprise. “Yes,” she says quickly. “And to thank you for not pressing charges. You know—for your car and in your apartment.” “I know you weren’t . . . um, well,” I murmur, reeling. I hadn’t expected an apology. “No, I wasn’t.” “You’re feeling better now?” I ask gently. “Much. Thank you.” “Does your doctor know you’re here?” She shakes her head. Oh. She nods, looking suitably guilty. “I know I’ll have to deal with the fallout from that later. But I had to get some things, and I wanted to see Susi, and you, and . . . Mr. Grey.”
“You want to see Christian?” My stomach free-falls to the floor. That’s why she’s here. “Yes. I wanted to ask you if that would be okay.” Holy fuck. I gape at her, and I want to tell her that it’s not okay. I don’t want her anywhere near my husband. Why is she here? To assess the opposition? To unsettle me? Or perhaps she needs this as some sort of closure? “Leila.” I flounder, exasperated. “It’s not up to me, it’s up to Christian. You’ll need to ask him. He doesn’t need my permission. He’s a grown man . . . most of the time.” She gazes at me for a fraction of a beat, as if surprised by my reaction then laughs softly, nervously twiddling the end of her hair. “He’s repeatedly refused all my requests to see him,” she says quietly. Oh shit. I’m in more trouble than I thought. “Why is it so important for you to see him?” I ask gently. “To thank him. I’d be rotting in a stinking prison psychiatric facility if it wasn’t for him. I know that.” She glances down, and runs her finger along the edge of the table. “I suffered a serious psychotic episode, and without Mr. Grey and John—Dr. Flynn . . .” She shrugs and gazes up at me once more, her face full of gratitude. Once again I’m speechless. What does she expect me to say? Surely she should be saying these things to Christian, not me. “And for art school. I can’t thank him enough for that.” I knew it! Christian is funding her classes. I remain expressionless, tentatively exploring my feelings for this woman now that she’s confirmed my suspicions about Christian’s generosity. To my surprise, I feel no ill will toward her. It’s a revelation—I’m glad she’s better. Now, hopefully, she can move on with her life and out of ours. “Are you missing classes being here?” I ask, because I’m interested. “Only two. I head home tomorrow.” Oh good. “What are your plans, while you’re here?” “Pick up my belongings from Susi, return to Hamden. Continue painting and learning. Mr. Grey already has a couple of my paintings.”
What? My stomach plunges into the basement once more. What the hell . . . ? Are they hanging in my living room? I bridle at the thought. “What sort of painting do you do?” “Abstracts, mainly.” “I see.” My mind flits through the now-familiar paintings in the great room. Two by Mrs. Leila Williams . . . possibly. Jeez. “Mrs. Grey, can I speak frankly?” she asks, completely oblivious to my warring emotions. “By all means,” I mutter, glancing at Prescott, who looks like she’s relaxed a little. Leila leans forward as if to impart a long-held secret. “I loved Geoff, my boyfriend who died earlier this year.” Her voice drops to a sad whisper. Holy shit, she’s getting personal. “I’m so sorry,” I mutter automatically, but she continues as if she hasn’t heard me. “I loved my husband . . . and one other,” she murmurs. “My husband.” The words are out of my mouth before I can stop them. “Yes.” She mouths the word. This is not news to me. When she lifts her hazel eyes to mine, they are wide with conflicting emotions, and the overriding one seems to be apprehension. Apprehension of my reaction, perhaps? But my overwhelming response to this poor young woman is . . . compassion. Mentally I run through all the classical literature I can think of that deals with unrequited love. Swallowing hard, I clutch the moral high ground. “I know. He’s very easy to love,” I whisper. Her wide eyes widen further in surprise, and she smiles. “Yes. He is. Was.” She corrects herself quickly and blushes. Then she giggles so sweetly that I can’t help myself. I giggle, too. Yes, Christian Grey makes us giggly. My subconscious rolls her eyes at me in despair and goes back to reading her dog-eared copy of Jane Eyre. I glance at my watch. Deep down I know Christian will be here soon. “You’ll get your chance to see Christian.” “I thought I would. I know how protective he can be.” She smiles. So this is her scheme. She’s very shrewd. Or manipulative, whispers my subconscious. “This is why you’re here to see me?”
“Yes.” “I see.” And Christian is playing into her hands. Reluctantly, I have to acknowledge that she knows him well. “He seemed very happy. With you,” she says. What? “How would you know?” “From when I was in the apartment.” She adds cautiously. Oh hell . . . how could I forget that? “Were you there often?” “No. But he was very different with you.” Do I want to hear this? A shudder runs through me. My scalp prickles as I recall my fear when she was the unseen shadow in our apartment. “You know it’s against the law. Trespassing.” She nods, gazing down at the table. She runs a fingernail along the edge. “It was only a few times, and I was lucky not to get caught. Again, I need to thank Mr. Grey for that. He could have had me thrown in jail.” “I don’t think he’d do that,” I murmur. Suddenly there is a flurry of activity outside the meeting room, and instinctively I know that Christian is in the building. A moment later he bursts through the door, and before he closes it, I catch Taylor’s eye as he stands patiently outside. Taylor’s mouth is set in a grim line, and he doesn’t return my tight smile. Oh hell, even he’s mad at me. Christian’s burning gray gaze pins first me then Leila to our chairs. His demeanor is quietly determined, but I know better, and I suspect Leila does, too. The menacing cool glint in his eyes reveals the truth— he’s emanating rage, though he hides it well. In his gray suit, with his dark tie loosened and the top button of his white shirt undone, he looks at once businesslike and casual . . . and hot. His hair is in disarray—no doubt because he’s been running his hands through it in exasperation. Leila looks nervously down at the edge of the table, running her index finger along the edge again, as Christian looks from me to her and then to Prescott. “You,” he says to Prescott in a soft tone. “You’re fired. Get out now.” I blanch. Oh no—this isn’t fair. “Christian—” I make to stand up.
He holds his index finger up at me in warning. “Don’t,” he says. His voice so ominously quiet that I’m immediately silenced and rooted to my seat. Bowing her head, Prescott walks briskly out of the room to join Taylor. Christian shuts the door behind her and walks to the edge of the table. Crap! Crap! Crap! That was my fault. Christian stands opposite Leila, and placing both hands on the wooden surface, he leans forward. “What the fuck are you doing here?” he growls at her. “Christian!” I gasp. Christian ignores me. “Well?” he demands. Leila peeks up at him through long lashes, her eyes wide, her face ashen, her rosy glow gone. “I wanted to see you, and you wouldn’t let me,” she whispers. “So you came here to harass my wife?” His voice is quiet. Too quiet. Leila looks down at the table again. Christian stands glowering at her. “Leila, if you come anywhere near my wife again, I will cut off all support. Doctors, art school, medical insurance—all of it—gone. Do you understand?” “Christian—” I try again. But he silences me with a chilling look. Why is he being so unreasonable? My compassion for this sad woman blooms. “Yes,” she says, her voice just audible. “What’s Susannah doing in reception?” “She came with me.” He runs a hand through his hair, glaring at her. “Christian, please,” I beg him. “Leila just wants to say thank you. That’s all.” He ignores me, concentrating his wrath on Leila. “Did you stay with Susannah while you were sick?” “Yes.” “Did she know what you were doing while you were staying with her?” “No. She was away on vacation.” He strokes his index finger over his lower lip. “Why do you need to see me? You know you should route any requests through Flynn. Do you need something?” His tone has softened, maybe by a fraction.
Leila runs her finger along the edge of the table again. Stop bullying her, Christian! “I had to know.” And for the first time she looks up directly at him. “Had to know what?” he snaps. “That you’re okay.” He gapes at her. “That I’m okay?” he scoffs, disbelieving. “Yes.” “I’m fine. There, question answered. Now Taylor will run you to Sea-Tac so you can go back to the East Coast. And if you take one step west of the Mississippi it’s all gone. Understand?” Holy fuck . . . Christian! I gape at him. What the fuck is eating him? He cannot confine her to one side of the country. “Yes. I understand,” Leila says quietly. “Good.” Christian’s tone is more conciliatory. “It might not be convenient for Leila to go back now. She has plans,” I object, outraged on her behalf. Christian glares at me. “Anastasia,” he warns, his voice icy, “this does not concern you.” I scowl at him. Of course it concerns me—she’s in my office. There must be more to this than I know. He’s not being rational. Fifty Shades, my subconscious hisses at me. “Leila came to see me, not you,” I murmur petulantly. Leila turns to me, her eyes impossibly wide. “I had my instructions, Mrs. Grey. I disobeyed them.” She glances nervously at my husband, then back at me. “This is the Christian Grey I know,” she says, her tone sad and wistful. Christian frowns at her, while all the breath evaporates from my lungs. I can’t breathe. Was Christian like this with her all the time? Was he like this with me, at first? I find it hard to remember. Giving me a forlorn smile, Leila rises from the table. “I’d like to stay until tomorrow. My flight is at noon,” she says quietly to Christian. “I’ll have someone collect you at ten to take you to the airport.” “Thank you.”
“You’re at Susannah’s?” “Yes.” “Okay.” I glare at Christian. He can’t dictate to her like this . . . and how does he know where Susannah lives? “Goodbye, Mrs. Grey. Thank you for seeing me.” I stand and hold out my hand. She takes it gratefully and we shake. “Um . . . goodbye. Good luck,” I mutter, because I’m not sure what the protocol is for saying farewell to my husband’s ex-submissive. She nods and turns to him. “Goodbye, Christian.” Christian’s eyes soften a little. “Goodbye, Leila.” His is voice low. “Dr. Flynn, remember.” “Yes, Sir.” He opens the door to usher her out, but she halts in front of him and looks up. He stills, watching her warily. “I’m glad you’re happy. You deserve to be,” she says and leaves before he can reply. He frowns after her, bemused, then nods to Taylor, who follows Leila toward the reception area. Closing the door, Christian gazes uncertainly at me. “Don’t even think about being angry with me,” I hiss. “Call Claude Bastille and kick the shit out of him or go see Flynn.” His mouth drops open; he’s so surprised by my outburst, and his brow creases once more. “You promised you wouldn’t do this.” Now his tone is accusatory. “Do what?” “Defy me.”
“No I didn’t. I said I’d be more considerate. I told you she was here. I had Prescott search her, and your other little friend, too. Prescott was with me the entire time. Now you’ve fired the poor woman, when she was only doing what I asked. I told you not to worry, yet here you are. I don’t remember receiving your papal bull decreeing that I couldn’t see Leila. I didn’t know that my visitors were subject to a proscribed list.” My voice rises with indignation as I warm to my cause. Christian regards me, bemused once more. After a moment his mouth twists. “Papal bull?” he says, amused, and he visibly relaxes. I wasn’t aiming to lighten our conversation, yet here he is smirking at me, and that makes me madder. The exchange between him and his ex was painful to witness. How could he be so cold with her? “What?” he asks, exasperated, as my face remains resolutely straight. “You. Why were you so callous toward her?” He sighs and shifts, stepping toward me and perching on the table. “Anastasia,” he says as if to a child. “You don’t understand. Leila, Susannah—all of them—they were a pleasant, diverting pastime. But that’s all. You are the center of my universe. And the last time you two were in a room together, she had you at gunpoint. I don’t want her anywhere near you.” “But, Christian, she was ill.” “I know that, and I know she’s better now, but I’m not giving her the benefit of the doubt any more. What she did was unforgivable.” “But you’ve just played right into her hands. She wanted to see you again, and she knew you’d come running if she came to see me.” Christian shrugs as if he doesn’t care. “I don’t want you tainted with my old life.” What? “Christian . . . you are who you are because of your old life, your new life, whatever. What touches you, touches me. I accepted that when I agreed to marry you, because I love you.” He stills. I know he finds it hard to hear this. “She didn’t hurt me. She loves you, too.” “I don’t give a fuck.”
I gape at him, shocked. And I’m shocked that he still has the capacity to shock me. This is the Christian Grey I know. Leila’s words rattle around my head. His reaction to her was so cold, so much at odds with the man I’ve come to know and love. I frown, recalling the remorse he felt when she had her breakdown, when he thought he might in some way be responsible for her pain. I swallow, remembering, too, that he bathed her. My stomach twists painfully at the thought, and bile rises in my throat. How can he say he doesn’t care about her? He did back then. What’s changed? Sometimes, like now, I just don’t understand him. He operates on a level far, far removed from mine. “Why are you championing her cause all of a sudden?” he asks, mystified and irritable. “Look, Christian, I don’t think Leila and I will be swapping recipes and knitting patterns anytime soon. But I didn’t think you’d be so heartless to her.” His eyes frost. “I told you once, I don’t have a heart,” he mutters. I roll my eyes—oh, now he is being adolescent. “That’s just not true, Christian. You’re being ridiculous. You do care about her. You wouldn’t be paying for art classes and the rest of that stuff if you didn’t.” Suddenly, it’s my lifetime ambition to make him realize this. It’s painstakingly obvious that he cares. Why does he deny it? It’s like his feelings for his birth mother. Oh shit—of course. His feelings for Leila and his other submissives are tangled up with his feelings for his mother . I like to whip little brown- haired girls like you because you all look like the crack whore. No wonder he’s so mad. I sigh and shake my head. Paging Dr. Flynn, please. How can he not see this? My heart swells for him momentarily. My lost boy . . . Why is it so hard for him to get back in touch with the humanity, the compassion he showed Leila when she had her breakdown? He glares at me, his eyes glittering with anger. “This discussion is over. Let’s go home.” I glance at my watch. It’s four twenty-three. I have work to do. “It’s too early,” I mutter. “Home,” he insists. “Christian.” My voice is weary. “I’m tired of having the same argument with you.” He frowns as if he doesn’t understand. “You know,” I elucidate, “I do something you don’t like, and you think of some way to get back at me. Usually involving some of your kinky fuckery, which is either mind-blowing or cruel.” I shrug, resigned. This is exhausting and confusing.
“Mind-blowing?” he asks. What? “Usually, yes.” “What was mind-blowing?” he asks, his eyes now shimmering with amused sensual curiosity. And I know he’s trying to distract me. Crap! I do not want to discuss this in SIP’s meeting room. My subconscious examines her finely manicured nails with disdain. Shouldn’t have brought the subject up, then. “You know.” I blush, irritated with both him and myself. “I can guess,” he whispers. Holy crap. I’m trying to castigate him and he’s confounding me. “Christian, I—” “I like to please you.” He delicately traces his thumb over my bottom lip. “You do,” I acknowledge, my voice a whisper. “I know,” he says softly. He leans forward and whispers in my ear, “It’s the one thing I do know.” Oh, he smells good. He leans back and gazes down at me, his lips curled in an arrogant, I-so-own-you smile. Pursing my lips, I strive to appear unaffected by his touch. He is so artful at diverting me from anything painful, or anything he doesn’t want to address. And you let him, my subconscious pipes up unhelpfully, gazing over her copy of Jane Eyre. “What was mind-blowing, Anastasia?” he prompts, a wicked gleam in his eye. “You want the list?” I ask. “There’s a list?” He’s pleased. Oh, this man is exhausting. “Well, the handcuffs,” I mumble, my mind catapulted back to our honeymoon. He furrows his brow and grasps my hand, tracing the pulse point on my wrist with his thumb. “I don’t want to mark you.”
Oh . . . His lips curl in a slow carnal smile. “Come home.” His tone is seductive. “I have work to do.” “Home,” he says, more insistent. We gaze at each other, molten gray into bewildered blue, testing each other, testing our boundaries and our wills. I search his eyes for some understanding, trying to fathom how this man can go from raging control freak to seductive lover in one breath. His eyes grow larger and darker, his intention clear. Softly, he caresses my cheek. “We could stay here.” His is voice low and husky. Oh no. My inner goddess gazes longingly down at the wooden table. No. No. No. Not in the office. “Christian, I don’t want to have sex here. Your mistress has just been in this room.” “She was never my mistress,” he growls, his mouth flattening into a grim line. “That’s just semantics, Christian.” He frowns, his expression puzzled. The seductive lover has gone. “Don’t overthink this, Ana. She’s history,” he says dismissively. I sigh . . . maybe he’s right. I just want him to admit to himself that he cares for her. A chill grips my heart. Oh no. This is why it’s important to me. Suppose I do something unforgivable. Suppose I don’t conform. Will I be history, too? If he can turn like this, when he was so concerned and upset when Leila was ill . . . could he turn against me? I gasp, recalling the fragments of a dream: gilt mirrors and the sound of his heels clicking on the marbled floor as he leaves me standing alone in opulent splendor. “No . . .” The words are out of my mouth in whispered horror before I can stop them. “Yes,” he says, and grasping my chin he leans down and plants a tender kiss on my lips. “Oh, Christian, you scare me sometimes.” I grasp his head in my hands, twist my fingers into his hair, and pull his lips to mine. He stills for a moment as his arms fold around me. “Why?”
“You could turn away from her so easily . . .” He frowns. “And you think I might turn away from you, Ana? Why the hell would you think that? What’s brought this on?” “Nothing. Kiss me. Take me home,” I plead. And as his lips touch mine, I am lost. ~o0o~ “Oh please,” I beg, as Christian blows gently on my sex. “All in good time,” he murmurs. I pull on my restraints and groan loudly in protest from his carnal assault. I’m trussed up in soft leather cuffs, each elbow bound to each knee, and Christian’s head bobs and weaves between my legs, his masterful tongue teasing me, relentless. I open my eyes and gaze unseeing at our bedroom ceiling bathed in the soft late afternoon light. His tongue moves round and round, swirling and curling over and around the center of my universe. I want to straighten my legs and struggle in a vain attempt to control the pleasure. But I can’t. My fingers fist in his hair and I tug hard to fight his sublime torture. “Don’t come,” he murmurs in warning against me, his soft breath on my warm, wet flesh as he resists my fingers. “I will spank you if you come.” I moan. “Control, Ana. It’s all about control.” His tongue renews its erotic incursion. Oh, he knows what he’s doing. I am helpless to resist or stop my slavish reaction, and I try—really try— but my body detonates under his merciless ministrations, and his tongue doesn’t stop as he wrings every last ounce of debilitating pleasure from me. “Oh, Ana,” he scolds. “You came.” His voice is soft with his triumphant reprimand. He flips me onto my front, and I shakily support myself on my forearms. He smacks me hard on my behind. “Ah!” I cry out. “Control,” he admonishes, and grabbing my hips he thrusts himself into me. I cry out again, my flesh still quivering from the aftershocks of my orgasm. He stills while deep inside me and, leaning over, unclips first one, then the second cuff. He wraps his arm around me and pulls me into his lap, his front to my back, and his hand curls beneath my chin around my throat. I revel in the feeling of fullness. “Move,” he orders. I moan and rise up and down on his lap.
“Faster,” he whispers. And I move faster and faster. He groans and his hand tips my head back as he nibbles my neck. His other hand travels leisurely across my body, from my hip, down to my sex, down to my clitoris . . . still sensitive from his earlier lavish attention. I whimper as his fingers close around me, teasing me once more. “Yes, Ana,” he rasps softly in my ear. “You are mine. Only you.” “Yes,” I breathe as my body tightens again, closing around him, cradling him in the most intimate way. “Come for me,” he demands. And I let go, my body obediently following his command. He holds me still as my climax rips through me and I call out his name. “Oh, Ana, I love you,” he groans and follows my lead as he bucks into me, finding his own release. He kisses my shoulder and smoothes my hair from my face. “Does that make the list, Mrs. Grey?” he murmurs. I am lying, barely conscious, flat on my belly on our bed. Christian gently kneads my backside. He’s propped up beside me on one elbow. “Hmm.” “Is that a yes?” “Hmm.” I smile. He grins and kisses me again, and reluctantly I roll on my side to face him. “Well?” he asks. “Yes. It makes the list. But it’s a long list.” His face nearly splits in two, and he leans forward to kiss me gently. “Good. Shall we have dinner?” His eyes glow with love and humor. I nod. I am famished. I reach over to gently pull the little hairs on his chest. “I want you to tell me something,” I whisper. “What?”
“Don’t get mad.” “What is it, Ana?” “You do care.” His eyes widen, and all trace of his good humor vanishes. “I want you to admit that you care. Because the Christian I know and love would care.” He stills, his eyes not leaving mine, and I’m witness to his internal struggle as if he’s about to make the judgment of Solomon. He opens his mouth to say something then closes it again as some fleeting emotion crosses his face . . . pain, maybe. Say it, I will him. “Yes. Yes, I care. Happy?” His voice is barely a whisper. Oh, thank fuck for that. It’s a relief. “Yes. Very.” He frowns. “I can’t believe I’m talking to you now, here in our bed, about—” I put my finger to his lips. “We’re not. Let’s eat. I’m hungry.” He sighs and shakes his head. “You beguile and bewilder me, Mrs. Grey.” “Good.” I lean up and kiss him. ~o0o~ From: Anastasia Grey Subject: The List Date: September 9, 2011 09:33 To: Christian Grey That’s definitely at the top. :D A x Anastasia Grey
Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Tell Me Something New Date: September 9, 2011 09:42 To: Anastasia Grey You’ve said that for the last three days. Make your mind up. Or . . . we could try something else. ;) Christian Grey CEO, Enjoying this Game, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I grin at my screen. The last few evenings have been . . . entertaining. We have relaxed again, Leila’s brief interruption forgotten. I haven’t quite worked up the courage to ask if any of her paintings hang on the walls—and frankly, I don’t really care. My BlackBerry buzzes and I answer, expecting Christian. “Ana?” Who is this? “Yes?” “Ana, honey. It’s José Senior.” “Mr. Rodriguez! Hi!” My scalp prickles. What does José’s dad want with me? “Honey, I’m sorry to call you at work. It’s Ray.” His voice falters. “What is it? What’s happened?” My heart leaps into my throat.
“Ray’s been in an accident.” Oh No. Daddy. I stop breathing. “He’s in the hospital. You’d better get here quick.” Chapter Seventeen “Mr. Rodriguez, what’s happened?” My voice is hoarse and thick with unshed tears. Ray. Sweet Ray. My dad. “He’s been in a car accident.” “Okay, I’ll come . . . I’ll come now.” Adrenaline has flooded my bloodstream, leaving panic in its wake. I’m finding it difficult to breathe. “They’ve transferred him to Portland.” Portland? What the hell is he doing in Portland? “They airlifted him, Ana. I’m heading there now. OHSU. Oh, Ana, I didn’t see the car. I just didn’t see it . . .” His voice cracks. Mr. Rodriguez—no! “I’ll see you there.” Mr. Rodriguez chokes and the line goes dead. A dark dread seizes me by the throat, overwhelming me. Ray. No. No. I take a deep steadying breath, pick up the phone and call Roach. He answers on the second ring. “Ana?” “Jerry. It’s my father.” “Ana, what happened?” I explain, barely pausing to breathe. “Go. Of course, you must go. I hope your father’s okay.” “Thank you. I’ll keep you informed.” Inadvertently I slam the phone down, but right now couldn’t care less.
“Hanna!” I call, aware of the anxiety in my voice. Moments later she pokes her head around the door to find me packing my purse and grabbing papers to stuff into my briefcase. “Yes, Ana?” She frowns. “My father has been in an accident. I have to go.” “Oh dear—” “Cancel all my appointments today. And Monday. You’ll have to finish prepping the e-book presentation—notes are in the shared file. Get Courtney to help if you have to.” “Yes,” Hanna whispers. “I hope he’s okay. Don’t worry about anything here. We’ll muddle through.” “I have my BlackBerry.” The concern etched on her pinched, pale face is almost my undoing. Daddy. I grab my jacket, purse, and briefcase. “I’ll call you if I need anything.” “Do, please. Good luck, Ana. Hope he’s okay.” I give her a small tight smile, fighting to maintain my composure, and exit my office. I try hard not to run all the way to reception. Sawyer leaps to his feet when I arrive. “Mrs. Grey?” he asks, confused by my sudden appearance. “We’re going to Portland—now.” “Okay, ma’am,” he says, frowning at me but opening the door. Moving is good. “Mrs. Grey,” Sawyer asks as we race toward the parking lot. “Can I ask why we’re making this unscheduled trip?” “It’s my dad. He’s been in an accident.” “I see. Does Mr. Grey know?” “I’ll call him from the car.” Sawyer nods and opens the rear door to the Audi SUV and I climb in. With shaking fingers, I reach for my BlackBerry, and I dial Christian’s cell.
“Mrs. Grey.” Andrea’s voice is crisp and businesslike. “Is Christian there?” I breathe. “Um . . . he’s somewhere in the building, ma’am. He’s left his BlackBerry charging with me.” Oh. I groan silently with frustration. “Can you tell him I called, and that I need to speak with him? It’s urgent.” “I could try and track him down. He does have a habit of wandering off sometimes.” “Just get him to call me, please,” I beg, fighting back tears. “Certainly, Mrs. Grey.” She hesitates. “Is everything all right?” “No,” I whisper, not trusting my voice. “Please, just get him to call me.” “Yes, ma’am.” I hang up. I cannot contain my anguish any longer. Pulling my knees up to my chest, I curl up on the rear seat and tears ooze, unwelcome, down my cheeks. “Where in Portland, Mrs. Grey?” Sawyer asks gently. “OHSU,” I choke out. “The big hospital.” Sawyer pulls out into the street and heads for the I-5, while I keen softly in the back of the car, muttering wordless prayers. Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. My phone rings. “Your Love Is King” startling me from my mantra. “Christian,” I gasp. “Christ, Ana. What’s wrong?” “It’s Ray—he’s been in an accident.” “Shit!” “Yes. I am on my way to Portland.” “Portland? Please tell me Sawyer is with you.” “Yes, he’s driving.”
“Where is Ray?” “At OHSU.” I hear a muffled voice in the background. “Yes, Ros,” Christian snaps angrily. “I know! Sorry, baby—I can be there in about three hours. I have business I need to finish here. I’ll fly down.” Oh shit. Charlie Tango is back in commission and last time Christian flew her . . . “I have a meeting with some guys over from Taiwan. I can’t blow them off. It’s a deal we’ve been hammering out for months.” Why do I know nothing about this? “I’ll leave as soon as I can.” “Okay,” I whisper. And I want to say that it’s okay, he can stay in Seattle and sort out his business . . . but the truth is I want him with me. “Oh, baby,” he whispers. “I’ll be okay, Christian. Take your time. Don’t rush. I don’t want to worry about you, too. Fly safely.” “I will.” “Love you.” “I love you, too, baby. I’ll be with you as soon as I can. Keep Luke close.” “Yes, I will.” “I’ll see you later.” “Bye.” After hanging up, I hug my knees once more. I know nothing about Christian’s business. What the hell is he doing with the Taiwanese? I gaze out of the window as we pass Boeing Field-King County airport. He must fly safely . . . my stomach knots anew and nausea threatens. Ray and Christian. I don’t think my heart could take that. Leaning back, I start my mantra again: Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay.
“Mrs. Grey.” Sawyer’s voice rouses me. “We’re on the hospital grounds. I just have to find the ER.” “I know where it is.” My mind flits back to my last visit to OHSU when, on my second day, I fell off a stepladder at Claytons, twisting my ankle. I recall Paul Clayton hovering over me and shudder at the memory. Sawyer pulls up to the drop-off point and leaps out to open my door. “I’ll go park, ma’am, and come find you. Leave your briefcase, I’ll bring it.” “Thank you, Luke.” He nods, and I walk briskly into the buzzing ER reception area. The receptionist at the desk gives me a polite smile, and within a few moments, she’s located Ray and is sending me to the OR on the third floor. OR? Fuck! “Thank you,” I mutter, trying to focus on her directions to the elevators. My stomach lurches as I almost run toward them. Let him be okay. Please let him be okay. The elevator is agonizingly slow, stopping on each floor. Come on . . . Come on! I will it to move faster, scowling at the people strolling in and out and preventing me from getting to my dad. Finally, the doors open on the third floor and I rush to another reception desk, this one staffed by nurses in navy uniforms. “Can I help you?” asks one officious nurse with a myopic stare. “My father, Raymond Steele. He’s just been admitted. He’s in OR4, I think.” Even as I say the words I am willing them not to be true. “Let me check, Miss Steele.” I nod, not bothering to correct her as she gazes intently at her computer screen. “Yes. He’s been in for a couple of hours. If you’d like to wait, I’ll let them know that you’re here. The waiting room’s there.” She points toward a large white door, helpfully labeled WAITING ROOM in bold blue lettering. “Is he okay?” I ask, trying to keep my voice steady. “You’ll have to wait for one of the attending doctor to brief you, ma’am.” “Thank you,” I mutter—but inside I am screaming, I want to know now!
I open the door to reveal a functional, austere waiting room, where Mr. Rodriguez and José are seated. “Ana!” Mr. Rodriguez gasps. His arm is in a cast, and his cheek is bruised on one side. He’s in a wheelchair with one of his legs in a cast too. I gingerly wrap my arms around him. “Oh, Mr. Rodriguez,” I sob. “Ana, honey.” He pats my back with his uninjured arm. “I’m so sorry,” he mumbles, his hoarse voice cracking. Oh no. “No, Papa,” José says softly in admonishment as he hovers behind me. When I turn, he pulls me into his arms and holds me. “José,” I mutter. And I’m lost—tears falling as all the tension, fear, and heartache of the last three hours surface. “Hey, Ana, don’t cry.” José gently strokes my hair. I wrap my arms around his neck and softly weep. We stand like that for ages, and I’m so grateful that my friend is here. We pull apart when Sawyer joins us in the waiting room. Mr. Rodriguez hands me a tissue from a conveniently placed box, and I dry my tears. “This is Mr. Sawyer. Security,” I murmur. Sawyer nods politely to José and Mr. Rodriguez then moves to take a seat in the corner. “Sit down, Ana.” José ushers me to one of the vinyl-covered armchairs. “What happened?” I ask. “Do we know how he is? What are they doing?” José holds up his hands to halt my barrage of questions and sits down beside me. “We don’t have any news. Ray, Dad, and I were on a fishing trip to Astoria. We were hit by some stupid fucking drunk—” Mr. Rodriguez tries to interrupt, stammering an apology. “Cálmate, Papa!” José snaps. “I don’t have a mark on me,” he continues. “Just a couple of bruised ribs and a knock on the head. Dad . . . well, Dad broke his wrist and ankle. But the car hit the passenger side and Ray . . .” Oh no, no . . . Panic swamps my limbic system again. No, no, no. My body shudders and chills as I imagine what’s happening to Ray in the OR.
“He’s in surgery. We were taken to the community hospital in Astoria, but they airlifted Ray here. We don’t know what they’re doing. We’re waiting for news.” I start to shake. “Hey, Ana, you cold?” I nod. I’m in my white sleeveless shirt and black summer jacket and neither provides warmth. Gingerly, José pulls off his leather jacket and wraps it around my shoulders. “Shall I get you some tea, ma’am?” Sawyer is by my side. I nod gratefully and he disappears from the room. “Why were you fishing in Astoria?” I ask. José shrugs. “The fishing’s supposed to be good there. We were having a boys’ get-together. Some bonding time with my old man before academia heats up for my final year.” José’s dark eyes are large and luminous with fear and regret. “You could have been hurt, too. And Mr. Rodriguez . . . worse.” I gulp at the thought. My body temperature drops further, and I shiver once more. José takes my hand. “Hell, Ana, you’re freezing.” Mr. Rodriguez inches forward and takes my other hand in his one good hand. “Ana, I am so sorry.” “Mr. Rodriguez, please. It was an accident . . .” My voice fades to a whisper. “Call me José,” he corrects me. I give him a weak smile, because that’s all I can manage. I shiver once more. “The police took the asshole into custody. Seven in the morning and the guy was out of his skull,” José hisses in disgust. Sawyer reenters, bearing a paper cup of hot water and a separate teabag. He knows how I take my tea! I’m surprised, and glad for the distraction. Mr. Rodriguez and José release my hands as I take the cup gratefully from Sawyer. “Do you . . . ?” Sawyer asks Mr. Rodriguez and José. They both shake their heads, and Sawyer resumes his seat in the corner. I dunk my teabag in the water and, rising shakily, dispose of the used bag in a small trashcan. “What’s taking them so long?” I mutter to no one in particular as I take a sip.
Daddy . . . Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. “We’ll know soon enough, Ana,” José says gently. I nod and take another sip. I take my seat again beside him. We wait . . . and wait. Mr. Rodriguez with his eyes closed, praying I think, and José holding my hand and squeezing it every now and then. I slowly sip my tea. It’s not Twinings, but some cheap and nasty brand, and it tastes disgusting. I remember the last time I waited for news. The last time I thought all was lost when Charlie Tango went missing. Closing my eyes, I offer up a silent prayer for the safe passage of my husband. I glance at my watch: 2:15 p.m. He should be here soon. My tea is cold . . . Ugh! I stand up and pace then sit down again. Why haven’t the doctors been to see me? I take José’s hand, and he gives mine another reassuring squeeze. Please let him be okay. Please let him be okay. Time crawls so slowly. Suddenly the door opens, and we all glance up expectantly, my stomach knotting. Is this it? Christian strides in. His face darkens momentarily when he notices my hand in José’s. “Christian!” I gasp and leap up, thanking God he’s arrived safely. Then I’m wrapped in his arms, his nose in my hair, and I’m inhaling his scent, his warmth, his love. A small part of me feels calmer, stronger, and more resilient because he’s here. Oh, the difference his presence makes to my peace of mind. “Any news?” I shake my head, unable to speak. “José.” He nods a greeting. “Christian, this is my father, José Senior.” “Mr. Rodriguez—we met at the wedding. I take it you were in the accident, too?” José briefly retells the story. “Are you both well enough to be here?” Christian asks. “We don’t want to be anywhere else,” Mr. Rodriguez says, his voice quiet and laced with pain. Christian nods. Taking my hand, he sits me down then takes a seat beside me. “Have you eaten?” he asks. I shake my head.
“Are you hungry?” I shake my head. “But you’re cold?” he asks, eyeing José’s jacket. I nod. He shifts in his chair, but wisely says nothing. The door opens again, and a young doctor in bright blue scrubs enters. He looks exhausted and harrowed. Oh no . . . All the blood seems to disappear from my head as I stumble to my feet. “Ray Steele,” I whisper as Christian stands beside me, putting his arm around my waist. “You’re his next of kin?” the doctor asks. His bright blue eyes almost match his scrubs, and under any other circumstances I would have found him attractive. “I’m his daughter, Ana.” “Miss Steele—” “Mrs. Grey,” Christian interrupts him. “My apologies,” the doctor stammers, and for a moment I want to kick Christian. “I’m Doctor Crowe. Your father is stable, but in a critical condition.” Fuck. What does that mean? My knees buckle beneath me, and only Christian’s supporting arm prevents me from falling to the floor. “He suffered severe internal injuries,” Dr. Crowe says, “principally to his diaphragm, but we’ve managed to repair them, and we were able to save his spleen. Unfortunately, he suffered a cardiac arrest during the operation because of blood loss. We managed to get his heart going again, but this remains a concern. However, our gravest concern is that he suffered severe contusions to the head, and the MRI shows that he has swelling in his brain. We’ve induced a coma to keep him quiet and still while we monitor the brain swelling.” Brain damage? No. “It’s standard procedure in these cases. For now, we just have to wait and see.” “And what’s the prognosis?” Christian asks coolly. “Mr. Grey, it’s difficult to say at the moment. It’s possible he could make a complete recovery, but that’s in God’s hands now.” “How long will you keep him in a coma?”
“That depends on how his brain responds. Usually seventy-two to ninety-six hours.” Oh no . . . so long! “Can I see him?” I whisper. “Yes, you should be able to see him in about half an hour. He’s been taken to the ICU on the sixth floor.” “Thank you, Doctor.” Dr. Crowe nods, turns and leaves us. “Well, he’s alive,” I whisper to Christian. And the tears start to roll down my face once more. “Sit down,” Christian orders gently. “Papa, I think we should go. You need to rest. We won’t know anything for a while.” José murmurs to Mr. Rodriguez who gazes blankly at his son. “We can come back this evening, after you’ve rested. That’s okay, isn’t it, Ana?” José turns, imploring me. “Of course.” “Are you staying in Portland?” Christian asks. José nods. “Do you need a ride home?” José frowns. “I was going to order a cab.” “Luke can take you.” Sawyer stands, and José looks confused. “Luke Sawyer,” I murmur in clarification. “Oh . . . Sure. Yeah, we’d appreciate it. Thanks, Christian.” Standing, I hug Mr. Rodriguez and José in quick succession. “Stay strong, Ana,” José whispers in my ear. “He’s a fit and healthy man. The odds are in his favor.” “I hope so.” I hug him hard. Then, releasing him, I shrug off his jacket hand it back to him. “Keep it, if you’re still cold.”
“No, I’m okay. Thanks.” Glancing nervously up at Christian, I see that he’s regarding us impassively. Christian takes my hand. “If there’s any change, I’ll let you know right away,” I add as José pushes his father’s wheelchair toward the door that Sawyer is holding open. Mr. Rodriguez raises his hand, and they pause in the doorway. “He’s in my prayers, Ana,” Mr. Rodriguez says, his voice wavering. “It’s been so good to reconnect with him after all these years. He’s become a good friend.” “I know.” And with that they leave. Christian and I are alone. He caresses my cheek. “You’re pale. Come here.” He sits down on the chair and pulls me on to his lap, folding me into his arms again, and I go willingly. I snuggle up against him, feeling oppressed by my stepfather’s misfortune, but grateful that my husband is here to comfort me. He gently strokes my hair and holds my hand. “How was Charlie Tango?” I ask. He grins. “Oh, she was yar,” he says, quiet pride in his voice. It makes me smile properly for the first time in several hours, and I glance at him, puzzled. “Yar?” “It’s a line from The Philadelphia Story. Grace’s favorite film.” “I don’t know it.” “I think I have it on Blu-Ray at home. We can watch it and make out.” He kisses my hair and I smile once more. “Can I persuade you to eat something?” he asks. My smile disappears. “Not now. I want to see Ray first.” His shoulders slump, but he doesn’t push me. “How were the Taiwanese?” “Amenable,” he says. “Amenable how?” “They let my buy their shipyard for less than the price I was willing to pay.” He’s bought a shipyard? “That’s good?”
“Yes. That’s good.” “But I thought you had a shipyard, over here.” “I do. We’re going to use that to do the fitting-out. Build the hulls in the Far East. It’s cheaper.” Oh. “What about the workforce at the shipyard here?” “We’ll redeploy. We should be able to keep redundancies to a minimum.” He kisses my hair. “Shall we go and check on Ray?” he asks, his voice soft. The ICU on the sixth floor is a stark, sterile, functional ward with whispered voices and bleeping machinery. Four patients are each housed in their own separate area, attached to hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of hi-tech equipment. Ray is at the far end. Daddy. He looks so small in his large bed, surrounded by all this technology. It’s a shock. My dad has never been small. There’s a tube in his mouth, and various lines pass through drips into a needle in each arm. A small clamp is attached to his finger. I wonder vaguely what that’s for. His leg is on top of the sheets, encased in a blue cast. A monitor displays his heart rate: beep, beep, beep. It’s beating strong and steady. This I know. I move slowly toward him. His chest is covered in a large, pristine bandage that disappears beneath the thin sheet that protects his modesty. Daddy. I realize that the tube pulling at the right corner of his mouth leads to a ventilator. Its noise is weaving with the beep, beep, beep of his heart monitor into a percussive rhythmic beat. Sucking, expelling, sucking, expelling, sucking, expelling in time with the beeps. There are four lines on the screen of his heart monitor, each moving steadily across, demonstrating clearly that Ray is still with us. Oh, Daddy. Tentatively, I reach for his hand. Even though his mouth is distorted by the ventilator tube, he looks peaceful, lying there fast asleep. A petite young nurse stands to one side, checking his monitors. “Can I touch him?” I ask her. “Yes,” she smiles kindly. Her badge says KELLIE RN , and she must be in her twenties. She’s blonde with dark, dark eyes. Christian stands at the end of the bed, watching me carefully as I clasp Ray’s hand. It’s surprisingly warm, and that’s my undoing. I sink on to the chair by the bed, place my head gently against Ray’s arm, and
start to sob. “Oh, Daddy. Please get better,” I whisper. “Please.” Christian puts his hand on my shoulder and gives it a reassuring squeeze. “All Mr. Steele’s vitals are good,” Nurse Kellie says quietly. “Thank you,” Christian murmurs. I glance up in time to see her gape. She’s finally gotten a good look at my husband. I don’t care. She can gape at Christian all she likes as long as she makes my father well again. “Can he hear me?” I ask. “He’s deeply asleep. But who knows?” “Can I sit for a while?” “Sure thing.” She smiles at me, her cheeks pink from a telltale blush. Incongruously, I find myself thinking blond is not her true color. Christian gazes down at me, ignoring her. “I need to make a call. I’ll be outside. I’ll give you some alone time with your dad.” I nod. He bends, kisses my hair, and stalks out of the room. I sit and hold Ray’s hand, marveling at the irony that it’s only now when he’s unconscious and can’t hear me that I really want to tell him how much I love him. This man has been my constant. My rock. And I’ve never thought about it until now. I’m not flesh of his flesh, but he’s my dad, and I love him so very much. My tears trail down my cheeks. Please get better, Daddy. Very quietly, so as not to disturb anyone, I tell him about our weekend in Aspen and about last weekend when we were soaring and sailing aboard the Grace. I tell him about our new house, our plans, about how we hope to make it ecologically sustainable. I promise to take him with us to Aspen so he can go fishing with Christian and assure him that Mr. Rodriguez and José will both be welcome, too . . . Please be here to do that, Daddy. Please. Ray remains immobile, the ventilator sucking and expelling and the monotonous but reassuring beep, beep, beep of his heart monitor his only response. When I look up, Christian is sitting quietly at the end of the bed. I don’t know how long he’s been there. “Hi,” he says, his eyes glowing with compassion and concern. “Hi.” “So, I’m going fishing with your dad, Mr. Rodriguez, and José?” he asks.
I nod. “Okay. Let’s go eat. Let him sleep in peace.” I frown. I don’t want to leave him. “Ana, he’s in a coma. I’ve given our cell numbers to the nurses here. If there’s any change, they’ll call us. We’ll eat, check into a hotel, rest up, then come back this evening.” The suite at the Heathman looks just as I remember it. How often have I thought about that first night and morning I spent with Christian Grey, now my husband? I stand in the entrance to the suite, paralyzed. Jeez, it all started here. “Home away from home,” says Christian, his voice soft, putting my briefcase down beside one of the overstuffed couches. “Do you want a shower? A bath? What do you need, Ana?” Christian gazes at me, and I know he’s lost—my lost boy dealing with events beyond his control. He’s been withdrawn and contemplative all afternoon. This is a situation he cannot manipulate and predict. This is real life in the raw, and he’s kept himself from that for so long, he’s exposed and helpless now. My sweet, sheltered Fifty Shades. “A bath. I’d like a bath.” I murmur, aware that keeping him busy will make him feel better, useful even. Oh, Christian—I’m numb and I’m cold and I’m scared, but I’m so glad you’re here with me. “Bath. Good. Yes.” He strides into the bedroom and out of sight into the palatial bathroom. A few moments later, the roar of water gushing to fill the tub echoes from the room. Finally, I galvanize myself to follow him into the bedroom. I’m dismayed to see several bags from Nordstrom on the bed. Christian reenters, sleeves rolled up, tie and jacket discarded. “I sent Taylor to get some things. Nightwear. You know,” he says, eyeing me warily. Of course he did. I nod my approval. Where is Taylor? “Oh, Ana,” Christian murmurs. “I’ve not seen you like this. You’re normally so brave and strong.” I don’t know what to say. I merely gaze wide-eyed at him. I have nothing, nothing to give right now. I think I’m in shock. I wrap my
arms around myself, trying to keep the pervading cold at bay, even though I know it’s a fruitless task as this cold comes from within. Christian pulls me into his arms. “Baby, he’s alive. His vital signs are good. We just have to be patient,” he murmurs. “Come.” Releasing me, he takes my hand and leads me into the bathroom. Gently, he slips my jacket off my shoulders and places it on the bathroom chair, then turning back, he undoes the buttons on my shirt. The water is deliciously warm and fragrant, the smell of lotus blossom heavy in the warm, sultry air of the bathroom. I lie between Christian’s legs, my back to his front, my feet resting on top of his. We’re both quiet and introspective, and I’m finally feeling warm. Intermittently Christian kisses my hair as I absentmindedly pop the bubbles in the foam. His arm is wrapped around my shoulders. “You didn’t get into the bath with Leila, did you? That time you bathed her?” I ask. He stiffens and snorts, his hand tightening on my shoulder where it rests. “Um . . . No.” He sounds astounded. “I thought so. Good.” He tugs gently at my hair knotted in a crude bun, tilting my head around so he can see my face. “Why do you ask?” I shrug. “Morbid curiosity. I don’t know . . . seeing her this week.” His face hardens. “I see. Less of the morbid.” His tone is reproachful. “How long are you going to support her? “Until she’s on her feet. I don’t know.” He shrugs. “Why?” “Are there others?” “Others?” “Exes who you support.” “There was one, yes. No longer though.” “Oh?” “She was studying to be a doctor. She’s qualified now and has someone else.” “Another Dominant?” “Yes.”
“Leila says you have two of her paintings,” I whisper. “I used to. I didn’t really care for them. They had technical merit, but they were too colorful for me. I think Elliot has them. As we know, he has no taste.” I giggle, and he wraps his other arm around me, sloshing water over the side of the bath. “That’s better,” he whispers and kisses my temple. “He’s marrying my best friend.” “Then I’d better shut my mouth,” he says. I feel more relaxed after our bath. Wrapped in my soft Heathman robe, I gaze at the various bags on the bed. Jeez, this must be more than nightwear. Tentatively, I peek into one. A pair of jeans and a pale blue hooded sweatshirt, my size. Holy cow . . . Taylor’s bought a whole weekend’s worth of clothes, and he knows what I like. I smile, remembering this is not the first time he’s shopped for clothes for me when I was at the Heathman. “Apart from harassing me at Claytons, have you ever actually gone into a store and just bought stuff?” “Harassing you?” “Yes. Harassing me.” “You were flustered, if I recall. And that young boy was all over you. What was his name?” “Paul.” “One of your many admirers.” I roll my eyes at him, and he smiles a relieved, genuine smile and kisses me. “There’s my girl,” he whispers. “Get dressed. I don’t want you getting cold again.” “Ready,” I murmur. Christian is working on the Mac in the study area of the suite. He’s dressed in black jeans and a gray cable-knit sweater, and I’m wearing the jeans, the hoodie, and a white T-shirt. “You look so young,” Christian says softly, glancing up, his eyes glowing. “And to think you’ll be a whole year older tomorrow.” His
voice is wistful. I give him a crooked smile. “I don’t feel much like celebrating. Can we go see Ray now?” “Sure. I wish you’d eat something. You barely touched your lunch.” “Christian, please. I’m just not hungry. Maybe after we’ve seen Ray. I want to wish him goodnight.” As we arrive at the ICU, we meet José leaving. He’s alone. “Ana, Christian, hi.” “Where’s your dad?” “He was too tired to come back. He was in a car accident this morning,” José grins ruefully. “And his painkillers have kicked in. He was out for the count. I had to fight to get in to see Ray since I’m not next of kin.” “And?” I ask anxiously. “He’s good, Ana. Same . . . but all good.” Relief floods my system. No news is good news. “See you tomorrow, birthday girl?” “Sure. We’ll be here.” José eyes Christian quickly then pulls me into a brief hug. “Mañana. ” “Goodnight, José.” “Good-bye, José,” Christian says. José nods and walks on down the corridor. “He’s still nuts about you,” Christian says quietly. “No he’s not. And even if he is . . .” I shrug because right now I just don’t care. Christian gives me a tight smile, and my heart melts. “Well done,” I murmur. He frowns. “For not frothing at the mouth.”
He gapes at me, wounded—but amused, too. “I’ve never frothed. Let’s see your dad. I have a surprise for you.” “Surprise?” My eyes widen in alarm. “Come.” Christian takes my hand, and we push open the double doors of the ICU. Standing at the end of Ray’s bed is Grace in deep discussion with Crowe and a second doctor, a woman I’ve not seen before. Seeing us, Grace beams. Oh, thank heavens. “Christian.” She kisses Christian’s cheek, then turns to me and folds me in her warm embrace. “Ana. How are you holding up?” “I’m fine. It’s my father I’m worried about.” “He’s in good hands. Doctor Sluder is an expert in her field. We trained together at Yale.” Oh . . . “Mrs. Grey,” Dr. Sluder greets me very formally. She’s short-haired and elfin, with a shy smile and a soft southern accent. “As the lead physician for your father, I’m pleased to tell you that all is on track. His vital signs are stable and strong. We have every faith that he’ll make a complete recovery. The brain swelling has stopped, and shows signs of decreasing. This is very encouraging after such a short time.” “That’s good news,” I murmur. She smiles warmly at me. “It is, Mrs. Grey. We’re taking real good care of him.” “Great to see you again, Grace.” Grace smiles back. “Likewise, Lorraina.” “Dr. Crowe, let’s leave these good people to visit with Mr. Steele.” Crowe follows in Dr. Sluder’s wake to the exit. I glance over at Ray, and for the first time since his accident, I feel more hopeful. Dr. Sluder and Grace’s kind words have rekindled my hope. Grace takes my hand and squeezes gently. “Ana, sweetheart, sit with him. Talk to him. It’s all good. I’ll visit with Christian in the waiting room.” I nod. Christian smiles his reassurance at me, and he and his mother leave me with my beloved father sleeping peacefully to the gentle lullaby of his ventilator and heart monitor.
I slip Christian’s white T-shirt on and get into bed. “You seem brighter,” Christian says cautiously as he pulls on his pajamas. “Yes. I think talking to Dr. Sluder and your mom made a big difference. Did you ask Grace to come here?” Christian slides into bed and pulls me into his arms, turning me to face away from him. “No. She wanted to come and check on your dad herself.” “How did she know?” “I called her this morning.” Oh. “Baby, you’re exhausted. You should sleep.” “Hmm,” I murmur in agreement. He’s right. I’m so tired. It’s been an emotional day. I crane my head around and gaze at him a beat. We’re not going to make love? And I’m relieved. In fact, he’s had a totally hands-off approach with me all day. I wonder if I should be alarmed by this turn of events, but since my inner goddess has left the building and taken my libido with her, I’ll think about it in the morning. I turn over and snuggle against Christian, wrapping my leg over his. “Promise me something,” he says softly. “Hmm?” It’s a question that I am too tired to articulate. “Promise me you’ll eat something tomorrow. I can just about tolerate you wearing another man’s jacket without frothing at the mouth, but, Ana . . . you must eat. Please.” “Hmm,” I acquiesce. He kisses my hair. “Thank you for being here,” I mumble and sleepily kiss his chest. “Where else would I be? I want to be wherever you are, Ana. Being here makes me think of how far we’ve come. And the night I first slept with you. What a night that was. I watched you for hours. You were just . . . yar,” he breathes. I smile against his chest. “Sleep,” he murmurs, and it’s a command. I close my eyes and drift.
Chapter Eighteen I stir, opening my eyes to a bright September morning. Warm and comfortable between clean, crisp sheets, I take a moment to orientate myself, and am overwhelmed by a sense of déja vu. Of course—I’m at the Heathman. “Shit! Daddy!” I gasp out loud, recalling with a gut-wrenching surge of apprehension that twists my heart and starts it pounding why I'm in Portland. “Hey.” Christian is sitting on the edge of the bed. He strokes my cheek with his knuckles, instantly calming me. “I called the ICU this morning. Ray had a good night. It’s all good,” he says reassuringly. “Oh, good. Thank you,” I mutter, sitting up. He bends and kisses my forehead. “Good morning, Ana,” he whispers and kisses my temple. “Hi,” I mutter. He’s up and dressed in a black T-shirt and blue jeans. “Hi,” he replies, his eyes soft and warm. “I want to wish you happy birthday. Is that okay?” I offer him a tentative smile and caress his cheek. “Yes, of course. Thank you. For everything.” His brow furrows. “Everything?” “Everything.” He looks momentarily confused, but it’s fleeting and his eyes widen with anticipation. “Here.” He hands me a small, exquisitely wrapped box with a tiny gift card. In spite of the worry I feel about my father, I sense Christian’s anxiety and excitement, and it’s infectious. I read the card. For all our firsts on your first birthday as my beloved wife. I love you. C x Oh my, how sweet is that? “I love you, too,” I murmur, smiling at him. He grins. “Open it.”
Unwrapping the paper carefully so it doesn’t tear, I find a beautiful red leather box. Cartier. It’s familiar, thanks to my second-chance earrings and my watch. Cautiously, I open the box to discover a delicate charm bracelet of silver, or platinum or white gold—I don’t know, but it’s absolutely enchanting. Attached to it are several charms: the Eiffel Tower, a London black cab, a helicopter —Charlie Tango, a glider—the soaring, a catamaran— The Grace, a bed, and an ice cream cone? I look up at him, bemused. “Vanilla?” He shrugs apologetically, and I can’t help but laugh. Of course. “Christian, this is beautiful. Thank you. It’s yar.” He grins. My favorite is the heart. It’s a locket. “You can put a picture or whatever in that.” “A picture of you.” I glance at him through my lashes. “Always in my heart.” He smiles his lovely, heart-aching, shy smile. I fondle the last two charms: a letter C—oh yes, I was his first girlfriend or whatever to use his given name. I smile at the thought. And finally, there’s a key. “To my heart and soul,” he whispers. Tears prick my eyes. I launch myself at him, curling my arms around his neck and settling into his lap. “It’s such a thoughtful present. I love it. Thank you,” I murmur against his ear. Oh, he smells so good— clean, of fresh linen, and body wash and Christian. Like home, my home. My threatened tears begin to fall. He groans softly and enfolds me in his embrace. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.” My voice cracks as I try to hold back the overwhelming swell of emotion. He swallows hard, and tightens his hold on me. “Please don’t cry.” I sniff in a rather unladylike way. “I’m sorry. I’m just so happy and sad and anxious at the same time. It’s bittersweet.” “Hey.” His voice is feather soft. Tipping my head back, he plants a gentle kiss on my lips. “I understand.” “I know,” I whisper, and I’m rewarded with his shy smile again. “I wish we were in happier circumstances and at home. But we’re here.” He shrugs apologetically once more. “Come, up you go. After breakfast, we’ll check on Ray.” He kisses me gently once more, releases me, and stands up.
Once dressed in my new jeans and t-shirt, my appetite makes a brief but welcome return during breakfast in our suite. I know Christian is pleased to see me eating my granola and Greek yogurt. “Thank you for ordering my favorite breakfast.” “It’s your birthday,” Christian says softly. “And you have to stop thanking me.” He rolls his eyes in exasperation, but fondly, I think. “I just want you to know that I appreciate it.” “Anastasia, it’s what I do.” His eyes are wide and serious—of course, Christian in command and control. How could I forget . . . and would I want him any other way? I smile at him. “Yes, it is.” He gives me a puzzled look then shakes his head. “Shall we go?” “I’ll just brush my teeth.” He smirks. “Okay.” Why is he smirking? The thought nags me as I head into the en suite. A memory springs unbidden to my mind. I used his toothbrush after I first spent the night with him. I smirk into the mirror and grab his toothbrush in homage to that first time. Gazing at myself as I brush my teeth, I’m pale, too pale. But then I’m always pale . . . last time I was here I was single . . . and now I’m married and twenty-two! I’m getting old. I rinse out my mouth. Holding up my wrist I shake it, and the charms on my bracelet give a satisfying rattle. How does my sweet Fifty always know exactly the right thing to give me? I take a deep breath, attempting to stem the emotion still lurking in my system, and gaze down at the bracelet once more. I bet it cost a fortune . . . ah well. He can afford it. As we walk to the elevators, Christian takes my hand and kisses my knuckles, his thumb brushing over Charlie Tango on my bracelet. “You like?” “More than like. I love it. Very much. Like you.” He smiles and kisses my knuckles once more. I feel lighter than I did yesterday. Perhaps because it’s morning and the world always seems a more hopeful place than it does in the dead of night. Or maybe it’s my husband’s sweet wake-up. Or maybe it’s knowing that Ray is no worse.
As we step into the empty elevator, I glance up at Christian. His eyes flicker quickly down to mine, and he smirks again. “Don’t,” he whispers as the doors shut. “Don’t what?” “Look at me like that.” “Fuck the paperwork,” I mutter, grinning. He laughs, and it’s such a carefree, boyish sound. He tugs me into his arms and tilts my head up. “Someday, I’ll rent this elevator for a whole afternoon.” “Just the afternoon?” I arch my brow. “Mrs. Grey, you are greedy.” “When it comes to you, I am.” “I’m very glad to hear it.” He kisses me gently, a chaste kiss. And I don’t know if it’s because we are in this elevator or because he’s not touched me in over twenty-four hours or if he’s just my intoxicating husband, but desire unwinds and stretches lazily deep in my belly. I run my fingers into his hair and deepen the kiss, pushing him against the wall and bringing my body flush against his. He groans into my mouth and cups my head, cradling me as we kiss—really kiss, our tongues exploring the oh-so-familiar but still ohso-new, oh-so-exciting territory that is the other’s mouth. My inner goddess swoons, bringing my libido back from purdah. I caress his dear, dear face in my hands. “Ana,” he breathes. “I love you, Christian Grey. Don’t forget that,” I whisper as I gaze into darkening gray eyes. The elevator comes smoothly to a halt and the doors open. “Let’s go and see your father before I decide to rent this today.” He kisses me quickly, takes my hand, and leads me into the lobby. As we walk past the concierge, Christian gives a discreet signal to the kindly middle-aged man standing behind the desk. He nods and picks up his phone. I glance questioningly at Christian, and he gives me his secret smile. Oh no . . . what’s this? I frown at him, and for a moment he looks nervous. “Where’s Taylor?” I ask. “We’ll see him shortly.”
Of course, he’s probably fetching the car. “Sawyer?” “Running errands.” What errands? Christian avoids the revolving door, and I know it’s so he doesn’t have to release my hand. The thought warms me. Outside it’s a mild late-summer morning, but the scent of the coming fall is in the breeze. I glance around, looking for the Audi SUV and Taylor. No sign. Christian’s hand tightens around mine, and I look up at him. He seems anxious. “What is it?” He shrugs. The hum of an approaching car engine distracts me. It’s throaty . . . familiar. As I turn to find the source of the noise, it stops suddenly. Taylor is climbing out of a sleek white sports car parked in front of us. What? Oh shit! It’s an R8. I whip my head back to Christian, who’s watching me warily. “You can buy me one for my birthday . . . a white one, I think.” “Happy birthday,” he says, and I know he’s gauging my reaction. I gape at him because that’s all I can do. He holds out a key. “You are completely over the top,” I whisper. He’s bought me a fucking Audi R8! Holy shit. Just like I asked! My face splits in a huge grin, and my inner goddess does a backflip off the high dive. I jump up and down on the spot in a moment of unguarded and unbridled overexcitement. Christian’s expression mirrors mine, and I dance forward into his waiting arms. He swings me around. “You have more money than sense!” I whoop. “I love it! Thank you.” He stops and dips me low suddenly, startling me, so that I have to grasp his upper arms. “Anything for you, Mrs. Grey.” He grins down at me. Oh my. What a very public display of affection. He bends and kisses me. “Come. Let’s go see your dad.” “Yes. And I get to drive?” He grins down at me. “Of course. It’s yours.” He stands me up and releases me, and I hurry around to the driver’s door. Taylor opens it for me, smiling broadly. “Happy birthday, Mrs. Grey.” “Thank you, Taylor.” I startle him by giving him a swift hug, which he returns awkwardly. He’s still blushing when I climb into the car, and he closes the door promptly once I’m inside.
“Drive safe, Mrs. Grey,” he says gruffly. I beam up at him, barely able to contain my excitement. “Will do.” I promise, putting the key in the ignition as Christian stretches out beside me. “Take it easy. Nobody chasing us now,” he warns. When I turn the key, the engine thunders to life. I check the rearview and side mirrors, and spotting a rare moment of clear traffic, execute a huge perfect Uturn and roar off in the direction of OSHU. “Whoa!” Christian exclaims, alarmed. “What?” “I don’t want you in the ICU beside your father. Slow down,” he growls, not to be argued with. I ease off the accelerator and grin at him. “Better?” “Much,” he mutters, trying hard to look stern—and failing miserably. Ray’s condition is the same. Seeing him grounds me after the heady road trip here. I really should drive more carefully. You can’t legislate for every drunk driver in this world. I must ask Christian what’s become of the asshole who hit Ray—I’m sure he knows. In spite of the tubes, my father looks comfortable, and I think he has a little more color in his cheeks. While I sit beside my dad and tell him about my morning, Christian wanders off to the waiting room to make phone calls. Nurse Kellie hovers over him, checking his lines and making notes on his chart. “All his signs are good, Mrs. Grey.” She smiles kindly at me. “That’s very encouraging.” A little later Dr. Crowe appears with two nursing assistants. “Mrs. Grey,” he greets me warmly. “Time to take your father up to radiology. We’re giving him a CT scan. To see how his brain is doing.” “Will you be long?” “Up to an hour.” “I’ll wait. I’d like to know.” “Sure thing, Mrs. Grey.”
I wander into the thankfully empty waiting room where Christian is talking on the phone, pacing. As he speaks, he gazes out of the window at the panoramic view of Portland. He turns to me when I shut the door, and he looks angry. “How far above the limit? . . . I see . . . All charges, everything. Ana’s father is in the ICU—I want you to throw the fucking book at him, Dad . . . Good. Keep me informed.” He hangs up. “The other driver?” He nods. “Some drunken trailer trash from Southeast Portland.” He sneers, and I’m shocked by his terminology and his derisory tone. He walks over to me, and his tone softens. “Finished with Ray? Do you want to go?” “Um . . . no.” I peer up at him, still reeling at his display of contempt. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing. Ray’s being taken to radiology for a CT scan to check the swelling in his brain. I’d like to wait for the results.” “Okay. We’ll wait.” He sits down and holds out his hands. As we’re alone, I go willingly and curl up in his lap. “This is not how I envisaged spending today,” Christian murmurs into my hair. “Me neither, but I’m feeling more positive now. Your mom was very reassuring. It was kind of her to come last night.” Christian strokes my back soothingly, resting his chin on my head. “My mom is an amazing woman.” “She is. You’re very lucky to have her.” Christian nods. “I should call my mom. Tell her about Ray,” I murmur and Christian stiffens. “I’m surprised she hasn’t called me.” I add in a moment of realization. In fact, I feel hurt. It’s my birthday after all, and she was there when I was born. Why hasn’t she called? “Maybe she did,” Christian says. I fish my BlackBerry out of my pocket. It shows no missed calls, but quite a few texts: happy birthdays from Kate, José, Mia, and Ethan. Nothing from my mother. I shake my
head despondently. “Call her now,” he says softly. I do, but there’s no reply, just the answering machine. I don’t leave a message. How can my own mother forget my birthday? “She’s not there. I’ll call later when I know the results of the brain scan.” Christian tightens his arms around me, nuzzling my hair once more, and wisely makes no comment on my mother’s lack of maternal concern. I feel rather than hear the buzz of his BlackBerry. He doesn’t let me stand up but fishes it awkwardly out of his pocket. “Andrea,” he snaps, businesslike again. I make another move to stand and he stops me, frowning and holding me tightly around my waist. I nestle back against his chest and listen to the one-sided conversation. “Good . . . ETA is what time? . . . And the other, um . . . packages?” Christian glances at his watch. “Does the Heathman have all the details? . . . Good . . . Yes. It can hold until Monday morning, but email just in case—I’ll print, sign, and scan it back to you . . . They can wait. Go home, Andrea . . . No, we’re good, thank you.” He hangs up. “Everything okay?” “Yes.” “Is this your Taiwan thing?” “Yes.” He shifts beneath me. “Am I too heavy?” He snorts. “No, baby.” “Are you worried about the Taiwan thing?” “No.” “I thought it was important.” “It is. The shipyard here depends on it. There are lots of jobs at stake.” Oh! “We just have to sell it to the unions. That’s Sam and Ros’s job. But the way the economy’s heading, none of us have a lot of choice.” I yawn. “Am I boring you, Mrs. Grey?” He nuzzles my hair again, amused.
“No! Never . . . I’m just very comfortable on your lap. I like hearing about your business.” “You do?” He sounds surprised. “Of course.” I lean back to gaze directly at him. “I like hearing any bit of information you deign to share with me.” I smirk, and he regards me with amusement and shakes his head. “Always hungry for more information, Mrs. Grey.” “Tell me.” I urge him as I snuggle up against his chest again. “Tell you what?” “Why you do it.” “Do what?” “Work the way you do.” “A guy’s got to earn a living.” He’s amused. “Christian, you earn more than a living.” My voice is full of irony. He frowns and is quiet for a moment. I think he’s not going to divulge any secrets, but he surprises me. “I don’t want to be poor,” he says, his voice low. “I’ve done that. I’m not going back there again. Besides . . . it’s a game,” he murmurs. “It’s about winning. A game I’ve always found very easy.” “Unlike life,” I murmur to myself. Then I realize I said the words out loud. “Yes, I suppose.” He frowns. “Though it’s easier with you.” Easier with me? I hug him tightly. “It can’t all be a game.. You’re very philanthropic.” He shrugs, and I know he’s growing uncomfortable. “About some things, maybe,” he says quietly. “I love philanthropic Christian,” I murmur. “Just him?” “Oh, I love megalomaniac Christian, too, and control-freak Christian, sexpertise Christian, kinky Christian, romantic Christian, shy Christian . . . the list is endless.” “That’s a whole lot of Christians.”
“I’d say at least fifty.” He laughs. “Fifty Shades,” he murmurs into my hair. “My Fifty Shades.” He shifts, tipping my head back, and kisses me. “Well, Mrs. Shades, let’s see how your dad is doing.” “Okay.” “Can we go for a drive?” Christian and I are back in the R8, and I’m feeling giddily buoyant. Ray’s brain is back to normal—all swelling gone. Dr. Sluder has decided to wake him from his coma tomorrow. She says she’s pleased with his progress. “Sure.” Christian grins at me. “It’s your birthday—we can do anything you want.” Oh! His tone makes me turn and gaze at him. His eyes are dark. “Anything?” “Anything.” How much promise can he load into one word? “Well, I want to drive.” “Then drive, baby.” He grins, and I grin back. My car handles like a dream, and as we hit the I-5, I subtly put my foot down, forcing us both back in our seats. “Steady, baby,” Christian warns. As we drive back into Portland an idea occurs to me. “Have you planned lunch?” I ask Christian tentatively. “No. You’re hungry?” He sounds hopeful. “Yes.”
“Where do you want to go? It’s your day, Ana.” “I know just the place.” I pull up near the gallery where José exhibited his work and park right outside the Le Picotin restaurant where we went after José’s show. Christian grins at me. “For one minute I thought you were going to take me to that dreadful bar you drunk dialed me from.” “Why would I do that?” “To check the azaleas are still alive.” He arches a sardonic brow. I blush. “Don’t remind me! Besides . . . you still took me to your hotel room.” I smirk. “Best decision I ever made,” he says, his eyes soft and warm. “Yes. It was.” I lean over and kiss him. “Do you think that supercilious fucker is still waiting tables?” Christian asks. “Supercilious? I thought he was fine.” “He was trying to impress you.” “Well, he succeeded.” Christian’s mouth twists in amused disgust. “Shall we go see?” I offer. “Lead on, Mrs. Grey.” After lunch and a quick detour to the Heathman to pick up Christian’s laptop, we return to the hospital. I spend the afternoon with Ray, reading aloud from one of the manuscripts I’ve been sent. My only accompaniment is the sound of the machinery keeping him alive, keeping him with me. Now that I know he’s making progress, I can breathe a little easier and relax. I’m hopeful. He just needs time to get well. I’ve got time—I can give him that. I wonder idly if I should try calling Mom again, but decide to do it later. I hold Ray’s hand loosely as I read to him, squeezing it occasionally, willing him to be well. His fingers feel soft and warm beneath my touch. He still has the indentation on his finger where he wore his wedding ring—even after all this time.
An hour or two later, I don’t know how long, I glance up to see Christian, laptop in hand, standing at the end of Ray’s bed with Nurse Kellie. “It’s time to go, Ana.” Oh. I clasp Ray’s hand tightly. I don’t want to leave him. “I want to feed you. Come. It’s late.” Christian sounds insistent. “I’m about to give Mr. Steele a sponge bath.” Nurse Kellie says. “Okay.” I concede. “We’ll be back tomorrow morning.” I bend and kiss Ray on his cheek, feeling his unfamiliar stubble beneath my lips. I don’t like it . Keep getting better, Daddy. I love you. “I thought we’d dine downstairs. In a private room,” Christian says, a gleam in his eye as he opens the door to our suite. “Really? Finish what you started a few months ago?” He smirks. “If you’re very lucky, Mrs. Grey.” I laugh. “Christian, I don’t have anything dressy to wear.” He smiles, holds out his hand, and leads me into the bedroom. He opens the wardrobe to reveal a large plain white dress bag hanging inside. “Taylor?” I ask. “Christian,” he replies, forceful and wounded at once. His tone makes me laugh. Unzipping the bag, I find a navy satin dress and ease it out. It’s gorgeous—fitted with thin straps. It looks small. “It’s lovely. Thank you. I hope it fits.” “It will,” he says confidently. “And here”—bending down, he picks up a shoebox—“shoes to match.” He gives me a wolfish smile. “You think of everything. Thank you.” I stretch up and kiss him. “I do.” He hands me yet another bag.
I gaze at him quizzically. Inside is a black strapless bodysuit with a central panel of lace. He caresses my face, tilts my chin, and kisses me. “I look forward to taking this off you later.” Fresh out of my bath, washed, shaved and feeling pampered, I sit on the edge of the bed and start up the hair dryer. Christian wanders into the bedroom. I think he’s been working. “Here, let me,” he says, pointing to the chair in front of the dressing table. “Dry my hair?” He nods. I blink at him. “Come,” he says, regarding me intently. I know that expression, and I know better than to disobey. Slowly and methodically he dries my hair, one lock at a time. He’s obviously done this before . . . often. “You’re no stranger to this,” I murmur. His smile is reflected in the mirror, but he says nothing and continues to brush through my hair. Hmm . . . it’s very relaxing. When we step into the elevator on our way to dinner, we are not alone. Christian looks delicious in his signature white linen shirt, black jeans and jacket. No tie. The two women inside shoot admiring glances at him and less generous ones at me. I hide my smile. Yes, ladies, he’s mine. Christian takes my hand and pulls me close as we travel in silence down to the mezzanine level. It’s busy, full of people dressed up for the evening, sitting around chatting and drinking, starting their Saturday night. I am grateful that I fit in. The dress hugs me, skimming over my curves and holding everything in place. I have to say, I feel . . . attractive wearing it. I know Christian approves. At first, I think we’re headed for the private dining room where we first discussed the contract, but he leads me past that doorway and on to the far end where he opens the door to another wood paneled room. “Surprise! ” Oh my. Kate and Elliot, Mia and Ethan, Carrick and Grace, Mr. Rodriguez and José, and my mother and Bob are all there raising their glasses. I stand gaping at them, speechless. How? When? I turn in consternation to Christian, and he squeezes my hand. My mom steps forward and wraps her arms around me. Oh, Mom! “Darling, you look beautiful. Happy birthday.”
“Mom!” I sob, embracing her. Oh Mommy, Mommy, Mommy. Tears stream down my face despite of the audience, and I bury my face in her neck. “Honey, darling. Don’t cry. Ray will be okay. He’s such a strong man. Don’t cry. Not on your birthday.” Her voice cracks, but she maintains her composure. She grasps my face in her hands and with her thumbs wipes away my tears. “I thought you’d forgotten.” “Oh, Ana! How could I? Seventeen hours of labor is not something you easily forget.” I giggle through my tears. She smiles. “Dry your eyes, honey. Lots of people are here to share your special day.” I sniff, not wanting to look at anyone else in the room, embarrassed and thrilled that everyone has made such an effort to come and see me. “How did you get here? When did you arrive?” “Your husband sent his plane, darling.” She grins, impressed. And I laugh. “Thank you for coming, Mom.” She wipes my nose with a tissue as only a mother would. “Mom!” I scold, composing myself. “That’s better. Happy birthday, darling.” She steps aside while everyone lines up to hug me and wish me happy birthday. “He’s doing well, Ana. Dr. Sluder is the one of the best in the country. Happy birthday, Angel.” Grace hugs me. “You cry all you want to, Ana—it’s your party.” José embraces me. “Happy birthday, darling girl.” Carrick smiles, cupping my face. “S’up babe? Your old man will be fine.” Elliot enfolds me in his arms. “Happy birthday.” “Okay.” Taking my hand, Christian pulls me from Elliot’s embrace. “Enough fondling my wife. Go fondle your fiancée.” Elliot grins wickedly at him and winks at Kate. A waiter I hadn’t noticed before presents Christian and me with glasses of pink champagne.
Christian clears his throat. “This would be a perfect day if Ray were here with us, but he’s not far away. He’s doing well, and I know he’d like you to enjoy yourself, Ana. To all of you, thank you for coming to share with me my beautiful wife’s birthday, the first of many to come. Happy birthday, my love.” Christian raises his glass to me amid a chorus of happy birthdays, and I have to fight again to keep my tears at bay. I watch the animated conversations around the dinner table. It’s strange to be cocooned in the bosom of my family, knowing the man I consider my father is on a life support machine in the cold clinical environs of the ICU. I’m detached from all the proceedings but grateful that they’re all here. Watching the sparring between Elliot and Christian, José’s ready warm wit, Mia’s excitement and her enthusiasm for the food, Ethan slyly watching her. I think he likes her . . . though it’s hard to tell. Mr. Rodriguez is sitting back, like me, enjoying the conversations. He looks better. Rested. José is very attentive to him, cutting his food, keeping his glass filled. Having his surviving parent come so close to death has made José appreciate Mr. Rodriguez more . . . I know. I gaze at Mom. She’s in her element, charming, witty, and warm. I love her so much. I must remember to tell her. Life is so precious, I realize that now. “You okay?” Kate asks in an uncharacteristically gentle voice. I nod and clasp her hand. “Yes. Thanks for coming.” “You think Mr. Megabucks could keep me away from you on your birthday? We got to fly in the helicopter!” She grins. “Really?” “Yes. All of us. And to think Christian can fly it.” I nod. “That’s kinda hot.” “Yeah, I think so.” We grin. “Are you staying here tonight?” I ask. “Yes. We all are, I think. You knew nothing about this?” I shake my head. “Smooth, isn’t he?” I nod.
“What did he get you for your birthday?” “This.” I hold up my bracelet. “Oh, cute!” “Yes.” “London, Paris . . . ice cream?” “You don’t want to know.” “I can guess.” We laugh, and I blush, recalling Ben & Jerry’s & Ana. “Oh . . . and an R8.” Kate spits her wine rather unattractively down her chin, making us both laugh some more. “Over the top bastard, isn’t he?” She giggles. For dessert I am presented with a sumptuous chocolate cake blazing with twenty-two silver candles, and a rousing chorus of “Happy Birthday.” Grace watches Christian singing with the rest of my friends and family, and her eyes shine with love. Catching my eye, she blows me a kiss. “Make a wish,” Christian whispers to me. In one breath I blow out all the candles, fervently willing my father better. Daddy, get well. Please get well. I love you so. At midnight, Mr. Rodriguez and José take their leave. “Thank you so much for coming.” I hug José tightly. “Wouldn’t miss it for the world. Glad Ray’s heading in the right direction.” “Yes. You, Mr. Rodriguez, and Ray have to come fishing with Christian in Aspen.” “Yeah? Sounds cool.” José grins before he leaves to fetch his father’s coat, and I crouch down to say goodbye to Mr. Rodriguez.
“You know Ana, there was a time . . . well, I thought you and José . . .” His voice fades, and he gazes at me, his dark gaze intense but loving. Oh no. “I’m very fond of your son, Mr. Rodriguez, but he’s like a brother to me.” “You would have made one fine daughter-in-law. And you do. To the Greys.” He smiles wistfully and I blush. “I hope you’ll settle for friend.” “Of course. Your husband is a fine man. You chose well, Ana.” “I think so,” I whisper. “I love him so.” I hug Mr. Rodriguez. “Treat him good, Ana.” “I will,” I promise. Christian closes the door to our suite. “Alone at last,” he murmurs, leaning back against the door, watching me. I step toward him and run my fingers over the lapels of his jacket. “Thank you for a wonderful birthday. You really are the most thoughtful, considerate, generous husband.” “My pleasure.” “Yes . . . your pleasure. Let’s do something about that,” I whisper. Tightening my hands around his lapels, I pull his lips to mine. ~o0o~ After a communal breakfast, I open all my presents then give a series of cheery goodbyes to all the Greys and the Kavanaghs who will be returning to Seattle via Charlie Tango. My mom, Christian, and I head up to the hospital with Taylor driving since the three of us would not fit into my R8. Bob has declined to visit, and I’m secretly glad. It’d be just too weird, and I’m sure Ray wouldn’t appreciate Bob seeing him at anything less than his best. Ray looks much the same. Hairier. Mom is shocked when she sees him, and together we cry a little more.
“Oh, Ray.” She squeezes his hand and gently strokes his face, and I’m moved to see her love for her ex- husband. I’m glad I have tissues in my purse. We sit beside him, me holding her hand while she holds his. “Ana, there was a time when this man was the center of my world. The sun rose and set with him. I’ll always love him. He’s taken care of you so well.” “Mom—” I choke and she strokes my face and tucks a lock of my hair behind my ear. “You know I’ll always love Ray. We just drifted apart.” She sighs. “And I just couldn’t live with him.” She gazes down at her fingers, and I wonder if she’s thinking about Husband Number Three: Steve who we don’t talk about. “I know you love Ray,” I whisper, drying my eyes. “They are going to bring him out of his coma today.” “Good. I’m sure he’ll be fine. He’s so stubborn. I think you learned it off him.” I smile. “Have you been talking to Christian?” “Does he think you’re stubborn?” “I believe so.” “I’ll tell him it’s a family trait. You look so good together, Ana. So happy.” “We are, I think. Getting there, anyway. I love him. He’s the center of my world. The sun rises and sets with him for me, too.” “He obviously adores you, darling.” “And I adore him.” “Make sure you tell him. Men need to hear that stuff just like we do.” I insist on going to the airport with Bob and my mom to say goodbye. Taylor follows in the R8, and Christian drives the SUV. I’m sorry they can’t stay longer, but they have to get back to Savannah. It’s a tearful goodbye. “Take good care of her, Bob,” I whisper as he hugs me. “Sure will, Ana. And you look after yourself.”
“Will do.” I turn to my mother. “Goodbye, Mom. Thank you for coming,” I whisper, my voice hoarse. “I love you so much.” “Oh my darling girl, I love you, too. And Ray will be fine. He’s not ready to shuffle off his mortal coil just yet. There’s probably a Mariners game he can’t miss.” I giggle. She’s right. I resolve to read the sports pages of the Sunday newspaper to Ray that evening. I watch her and Bob climb the steps into the Grey Enterprises Holdings jet. She gives me a tearful wave then she’s gone. Christian wraps his arm around my shoulder. “Let’s head back, baby,” he murmurs “Will you drive?” “Sure.” When we return to the hospital that evening, Ray looks different. It takes me a moment to realize that the suck and push of the ventilator has vanished. Ray is breathing on his own. Relief floods through me . I stroke his stubbly face, and taking out a tissue to gently wipe, the spittle from his mouth. Christian stalks off to find Dr. Sluder or Dr. Crowe for an update, while I take my familiar seat beside his bed to keep a watchful vigil. I unfold the sports section of the Sunday Oregonian and conscientiously begin reading out the report from the Mariners game against the Kansas City Royals. By all accounts, it was an exciting game, thanks to the Royal’s Paulino. I grip Ray’s hand firmly in mine as I read it through. “And the final score, Mariners 2, Royals 4.” “Hey, Annie, we lost? No!” Ray rasps, and he squeezes my hand. Daddy! Chapter Nineteen Tears stream down my face. He’s back. My daddy is back. “Don’t cry, Annie.” Ray’s voice is hoarse. “What’s happening?” I take up his hand in both of mine and cradle it against my face. “You’ve been in an accident. You’re in the hospital in Portland.”
Ray frowns, and I don’t know if it’s because he’s uncomfortable with my uncharacteristic display of affection, or that he can’t remember the accident. “Do you want some water?” I ask, though I’m not sure if I’m allowed to give him any. He nods, bewildered. My heart swells. I stand up and lean over him, kissing his forehead. “I love you, Daddy. Welcome back.” He waves his hand, embarrassed. “Me, too, Annie. Water.” I run the short distance to the nurses’ station. “My dad—he’s awake!” I beam at Nurse Kellie, who smiles back. “Page Dr. Sluder,” she says to her colleague and hurriedly makes her way around the desk. “He wants water.” “I’ll bring him some.” I skip back to my father’s bed, I feel so light-hearted. His eyes are closed when I reach him, and I immediately worry that he’s slipped back into a coma. “Daddy?” “I’m here,” he mutters and his eyes flutter open as Nurse Kellie appears with a jug of ice chips and a glass. “Hello, Mr. Steele. I’m Nurse Kellie. Your daughter tells me you’re thirsty.” In the waiting room, Christian is staring fixedly at his laptop, deep in concentration. He glances up when I close the door. “He’s awake,” I announce. He smiles, and the tension around his eyes vanishes. Oh . . . I hadn’t noticed before. Has he been tense all this time? He sets his laptop aside, stands, and embraces me. “How is he?” he asks into my hair as I wrap my arms around him. “Talking, thirsty, bewildered. He doesn’t remember the accident at all.” “That’s understandable. Now that he’s awake, I want to get him moved to Seattle. Then we can go home, and my mom can keep an eye on him.”
Already? “I’m not sure he’s well enough to be moved.” “I’ll talk to Dr. Sluder. Get her opinion.” “You miss home?” “Yes.” “Okay.” “You haven’t stopped smiling,” Christian says as I pull up outside the Heathman. “I’m very relieved. And happy.” Christian grins. “Good.” The light is fading, and I shiver as I step out into the cool, crisp evening and hand my key to the parking valet. He’s eyeing my car with lust, and I don’t blame him. Christian puts his arm around me. “Shall we celebrate?” he asks as we enter the foyer. “Celebrate?” “Your dad.” I giggle. “Oh, him.” “I’ve missed that sound.” Christian kisses my hair. “Can we just eat in our room? You know, have a quiet night in?” “Sure. Come.” Taking my hand, he leads me to the elevators. “That was delicious,” I murmur with satisfaction as I push my plate away, replete for the first time in ages. “They sure know how to make a fine tarte Tatin here.” I am freshly bathed and wearing only Christian’s T-shirt and my panties. In the background, Christian’s iPod is on shuffle and Dido is warbling on about white flags.
Christian eyes me speculatively. His hair is still damp from our bath, and he’s wearing just his black T- shirt and jeans. “That’s the most I’ve seen you eat the entire time we’ve been here,” he says. “I was hungry.” He leans back in his chair with a self-satisfied smirk and takes a sip of his white wine. “What would you like to do now?” His voice is soft. “What do you want to do?” He raises an eyebrow, amused. “What I always want to do.” “And that is?” “Mrs. Grey, don’t be coy.” Reaching across the dining table, I grasp his hand, turn it over, and skim my index finger over his palm. “I’d like you to touch me with this.” I run my finger up his index finger. He shifts in his chair. “Just that?” His eyes darken and heat at once. “Maybe this?” I run my finger up his middle finger and back to his palm. “And this.” My nail traces his ring finger. “Definitely this.” My finger stops at his wedding ring. “This is very sexy.” “Is it, now?” “It sure is. It says this man is mine.” And I skim the small callous that has already formed on his palm beneath the ring. He leans forward and cups my chin with his other hand. “Mrs. Grey, are you seducing me?” “I hope so.” “Anastasia, I’m a given.” His voice is low. “Come here.” He tugs my hand so that I’m pulled from my seat onto his lap. “I like having unfettered access to you.” He runs a hand up my thigh to my behind. He grasps the nape of my neck with his other hand and kisses me, holding me firmly in place. He tastes of white wine and apple pie and Christian. I run my fingers through his hair, holding him to me while our tongues explore and curl and twist around each other, my blood heating in my veins. We’re breathless when Christian pulls away. “Let’s go to bed,” he murmurs against my lips. “Bed?” He pulls back further and tugs my hair so I am looking up at him. “Where would you prefer, Mrs. Grey?”
My inner goddess stops stuffing her face with tarte Tatin. I shrug, feigning indifference. “Surprise me.” He smirks. “You’re feisty this evening.” He runs his nose along mine. “Maybe I need to be restrained.” “Maybe you do. You’re getting mighty bossy in your old age.” He narrows his eyes, but can’t disguise the latent humor there. “What are you going to do about it?” I challenge. His eyes glitter. “I know what I’d like to do about it. Depends if you’re up to it.” “Oh, Mr. Grey, you’ve been very gentle with me these last couple of days. I’m not made of glass, you know.” “You don’t like gentle?” “With you, of course. But you know . . . variety is the spice of life.” I bat my lashes at him. “You’re after something less gentle?” “Something life-affirming.” He raises his brows in surprise. “Life-affirming,” he repeats, astonished humor in his voice. I nod. He gazes at me for a moment. “Don’t bite your lip,” he whispers then rises suddenly with me in his arms. I gasp and grab his biceps, fearful that he’ll drop me. He walks over to the smallest of the three couches and deposits me on to it. “Wait here. Don’t move.” He gives me a brief hot, intense look and turns on his heel, stalking toward the bedroom. Oh . . . Christian barefoot. Why are his feet so hot? He’s back a few moments later, taking me by surprise as he leans over me from behind. “I think we’ll dispense with this.” Grabbing the hem of my T-shirt, he drags it over my head, leaving me naked except for my panties. He pulls my ponytail back and kisses me. “Stand up,” he orders against my lips and releases me. I comply immediately. He lays a towel out on the sofa. Towel?
“Take your panties off.” Oh. I swallow but do as I’m told, discarding them by the sofa. “Sit.” He grabs my ponytail again and pulls my head back. “You’ll tell me to stop if this gets too much, yes?” I nod. “Say it.” His voice is stern. “Yes,” I squeak. He smirks. “Good. So, Mrs. Grey . . . by popular demand, I’m going to restrain you.” His voice drops to a breathless whisper. Desire streaks through my body like lightning, simply at those words. Oh my sweet Fifty—on the sofa? What are you going to do? “Bring your knees up,” he commands softly. “And sit right back.” I rest my feet on the edge of the sofa, my knees up in front of me. He reaches for my left leg, and taking the belt from one of the bathroom robes, he ties one end above my knee. “Bathrobes?” “I’m improvising.” He smirks again and fastens the slipknot above my knee and ties the other end of the soft belt around the finial at the back corner of the sofa, effectively parting my legs. “Don’t move,” he warns and repeats the process with my right leg, tying the second cord to the other finial. Oh my . . . I am sitting up, splayed out on the sofa, legs spread wide. “Okay?” Christian asks softly, gazing down at me from behind the sofa. I nod, expecting him to tie my hands, too. But he refrains. He bends and kisses me. “You have no idea how hot you look right now,” he murmurs and rubs his nose against mine. “Change of music, I think.” He stands and strolls casually over to the iPod dock. How does he do this? Here I am, trussed up and horny as hell, while he’s so cool and calm. He’s just in my field of vision, and I watch the flex and pull of the muscles of his back under his T-shirt as he reaches down and changes the song. Immediately, a sweet, almost childlike female voice starts to sing about watching me.
Oh, I like this song. Christian turns and gazes at me, his eyes locked on mine as he moves around to the front of the sofa and sinks gracefully to his knees in front of me. Suddenly, I feel very exposed. “Exposed? Vulnerable?” he asks with his uncanny ability to voice my unspoken words. His hands are on his knees. I nod. Why doesn’t he touch me? “Good,” he murmurs. “Hold out your hands.” I can’t look away from his mesmerizing eyes. I do as I’m bid, and Christian pours a little oily liquid onto each palm from a small clear bottle. It’s scented—a rich, musky, sensuous scent that I can’t place. “Rub your hands.” I squirm beneath his hot, heavy gaze. “Keep still,” he warns. Oh my. “Now, Anastasia, I want you to touch yourself.” Holy cow. “Start at your throat and work down.” I hesitate. “Don’t be shy, Ana. Come. Do it.” The humor and challenge in his expression is plain to see along with his desire. The sweet voice sings that there’s nothing sweet about her. I place my hands against my throat and let them slide down to the top of my breasts. The oil makes them glide effortlessly over my skin. My hands are warm. “Lower,” Christian murmurs, his eyes darkening. He doesn’t touch me. My hands cup my breasts. “Tease yourself.” Oh my. I tug gently on my nipples.
“Harder,” Christian urges. He sits immobile between my thighs, just watching me. “Like I would,” he adds, his eyes shining darkly. My muscles clench deep in my belly. I groan in response and pull harder on my nipples, feeling them stiffen and lengthen beneath my touch. “Yes. Like that. Again.” Closing my eyes I pull hard, rolling and twisting them between my fingers. I moan. “Open your eyes.” I blink up at him. “Again. I want to see you. See you enjoy your touch.” Oh fuck. I repeat the process. This is so . . . erotic. “Hands. Lower.” I squirm. “Keep still, Ana. Absorb the pleasure. Lower.” His voice is low and husky, tempting and beguiling at once. “You do it,” I whisper. “Oh, I will—soon. You. Lower. Now.” Christian, exuding sensuality, runs his tongue along his teeth Holy fuck . . . I writhe, pulling on the restraints. He shakes his head, slowly. “Still.” He rests his hands on my knees, holding me in place. “Come on, Ana—lower.” My hands glide over my stomach down over my belly. “Lower,” he mouths, and he is carnality personified. “Christian, please.” His hands glide down from my knees, skimming my thighs, toward my sex. “Come on, Ana. Touch yourself.” My left hand skims over my sex, and I rub in a slow circle, my mouth an O as I pant. “Again,” he whispers.
I groan louder and repeat the move and tip my head back, gasping. “Again.” I moan loudly, and Christian inhales sharply. Grabbing my hands, he bends down, running his nose then his tongue back and forth at the apex of my thighs. “Ah!” I want to touch him, but when I try to move my hands, his fingers tighten around my wrists. “I’ll restrain these, too. Keep still.” I groan. He releases me then eases his middle two fingers inside me, the heel of his hand resting against my clitoris. “I’m going to make you come quickly, Ana. Ready?” “Yes,” I pant. He starts to move his fingers, his hand, up and down, rapidly, assaulting both that sweet spot inside me and my clitoris at the same time. Ah! The feeling is intense—really intense. Pleasure builds and spikes throughout the lower half of my body. I want to stretch my legs, but I can’t. My hands claw at the towel beneath me. “Surrender,” Christian whispers. I explode around his fingers, crying out incoherently. He presses the heel of his hand against my clitoris as the aftershocks run through my body, prolonging the delicious agony. Vaguely, I’m aware that he’s untying my legs. “My turn,” he murmurs, and flips me over so I am face down on the sofa with my knees on the floor. He spreads my legs and slaps me hard across my behind. “Ah!” And in one swift move with no preamble whatsoever, he’s inside me. “Oh, Ana,” he hisses through clenched teeth as he starts to move. His fingers grip me hard around my hips as he grinds into me over and over. And I’m building again . No . . . Ah . . . “Come on, Ana!” Christian shouts, and I shatter once more, pulsing around him and crying out as I come.
“Life-affirming enough for you?” Christian kisses my hair. “Oh, yes,” I murmur, gazing up at the ceiling. I am lying on my husband, my back to his front, both of us on the floor beside the sofa. He’s still dressed. “I think we should go again. No clothes for you this time.” “Christ, Ana. Give a man a chance.” I giggle and he chuckles. “I’m glad Ray’s conscious. Seems all your appetites are back,” he says, not disguising the smile in his voice. I turn over and scowl at him. “Are you forgetting about last night and this morning?” I pout. “Nothing forgettable about either of those.” He grins, and when he does, he looks so young and carefree and happy. He cups my behind. “You have a fantastic ass, Mrs. Grey.” “So do you.” I arch a brow at him. “Though yours is still under cover.” “And what are you going to do about that, Mrs. Grey?” “Why, I’m going to undress you, Mr. Grey. All of you.” He grins. “And I think there’s a lot that’s sweet about you,” I murmur, referring to the song still playing on repeat. His smile fades. Oh no. “You are,” I whisper. I lean down and kiss the corner of his mouth. He closes his eyes and tightens his arms around me. “Christian, you are. You made this weekend so special—in spite of what happened to Ray. Thank you.” He opens his large, serious gray eyes, and his expression tugs at my heart. “Because I love you,” he murmurs. “I know. I love you, too.” I reach up and caress his face. “And you’re precious to me, too. You do know that, don’t you?” His stills, looking lost. Oh, Christian . . . My sweet Fifty. “Believe me,” I whisper.
“It’s not easy.” His voice is almost inaudible. “Try. Try hard, because it’s true.” I stroke his face once more, my fingers brushing against his sideburns. He gazes at me, eyes wide, gray oceans of loss and hurt and pain. I want to climb into his body and hold him. Anything to stop that look. When will he realize that he means the world to me? That he’s more than worthy of my love, the love of his parents—his siblings? I have told him over and over, and yet here we are as Christian gives me his lost, abandoned look. Time. It will just take time. “You’ll get cold. Come.” He rises gracefully to his feet and pulls me up to stand beside him. I slip my arm around his waist as we wander back into the bedroom. I won’t push him, but since Ray’s accident, it’s become more important to me that he knows how much I love him. As we enter the bedroom, I frown, desperate to recover the very welcome lighthearted mood of only a few moments ago. “Shall we watch TV?” I ask. Christian snorts. “I was hoping for round two.” And my mercurial Fifty is back. I arch my brow and stop by the bed. “Well, in that case, I think I’ll be in charge.” He gapes at me. I push him onto the bed and quickly straddle him, pinning his hands down beside his head. He grins up at me. “Well, Mrs. Grey, now you’ve got me. What are you going to do with me?” I lean down and whisper in his ear, “I am going to fuck you with my mouth.” He closes his eyes, inhaling sharply, and I run my teeth gently along his jaw. ~o0o~ Christian is working at the computer. It’s a bright early morning, and he’s tapping out an e-mail, I think. “Good morning,” I murmur shyly from the doorway. He turns and smiles at me. “Mrs. Grey. You’re up early.” He holds open his arms. I bolt across the suite and curl into his lap. “As are you.” “I was just working.” He shifts as he kisses my hair. “What?” I ask, sensing something wrong.
He sighs. “I got an e-mail from Detective Clark. He wants to talk to you about that fucker Hyde.” “Really?” I sit back to gaze at Christian. “Yes. I told him you’re in Portland for the time being, so he’ll have to wait. But he says he’d like to interview you here.” “He’s coming here?” “Apparently so.” Christian looks bemused. I frown. “What’s so important that can’t wait?” “Exactly.” “When’s he coming?” “Today. I’ll e-mail him back.” “I have nothing to hide. I wonder what he wants to know?” “We’ll find out when he gets here. I’m intrigued, too.” Christian shifts again. “Breakfast will be here shortly. Let’s eat, then we can go and see your dad.” I nod. “You can stay here if you want. I can see you’re busy.” He scowls. “No, I want to come with you.” “Okay.” I grin, and wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him. Ray is bad-tempered. It’s a joy. He’s itchy, scratchy, impatient, and uncomfortable. “Dad, you’ve been in a major car accident. It will take time to heal. Christian and I want to move you to Seattle.” “I don’t know why you’re bothering with me. I’ll be fine here on my own.” “Dad, don’t be ridiculous.” I squeeze his hand fondly, and he has the grace to smile at me. “Do you need anything?” “I could murder a doughnut, Annie.” I grin indulgently at him. “I’ll get you a doughnut or two. We’ll go to Voodoo.”
“Great!” “You want some decent coffee, too?” “Hell yeah!” “Okay, I’ll go get some.” Christian is once more in the waiting room, talking on the phone. He really should set up office in here. Weirdly, he’s by himself, although the other ICU beds are occupied. I wonder if Christian’s frightened off the other visitors. He hangs up. “Clark will be here at four this afternoon.” I frown. What could be so urgent? “Okay. Ray wants coffee and doughnuts.” Christian laughs. “I think I would too if I’d been in an accident. Ask Taylor to go.” “No, I’ll go.” “Take Taylor with you.” His voice is stern. “Okay.” I roll my eyes at him, and he narrows his eyes. Then he smirks, and cocks his head to one side. “There’s no one here.” His voice is deliciously low, and I know he’s threatening to spank me. I am about to dare him, when a young couple enters the room. She is weeping softly. I shrug apologetically at Christian, and he nods. Picking up his laptop, he takes my hand and leads me out of the room. “They need the privacy more than we do,” Christian murmurs. “We’ll have our fun later.” Outside Taylor is waiting patiently. “Let’s all go get coffee and doughnuts.” ~o0o~ At four o’clock precisely there’s a knock on the suite door. Taylor ushers in Detective Clark, who looks more bad-tempered than usual. He always seems to look bad-tempered. Perhaps it’s the way his face is set. “Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey, thank you for seeing me.”
“Detective Clark.” Christian shakes his hand and directs him to a seat. I sit down on the sofa where I enjoyed myself so much last night. The thought makes me blush. “It’s Mrs. Grey I wish to see,” Clark says pointedly to Christian and to Taylor stationed beside the door. Christian glances then nods almost imperceptibly at Taylor who turns and leaves, shutting the door behind him. “Anything you wish to say to my wife you can say in front of me.” Christian’s voice is cool and businesslike. Detective Clark turns to me. “Are you sure you’re happy for your husband to be present?” I frown at him. “Of course. I have nothing to hide. You are just interviewing me?” “Yes ma’am.” “I’d like my husband to stay.” Christian sits beside me, radiating tension. “As you wish,” murmurs Detective Clark, resigned. He clears his throat. “Mrs. Grey, Mr. Hyde maintains that you sexually harassed him and made several lewd advances to him.” Oh! I almost burst out laughing, but put my hand on Christian’s knee to restrain him as he shifts forward in his seat. “That’s preposterous,” Christian splutters. I squeeze Christian’s wrist to silence him. “That’s not true,” I state calmly and matter-of-factly to Clark. “In fact, it was the other way around. He propositioned me in a very aggressive manner, and he was fired.” Detective Clark’s mouth flattens briefly into a thin line before he continues. “Hyde alleges that you fabricated a tale about sexual harassment in order to get him fired. He says that you did this because he refused your advances and because you wanted his job.” I frown. Holy crap. Jack is even more delusional than I thought.
“That’s not true.” I shake my head. “Detective, please don’t tell me you have driven all this way to harass my wife with these ridiculous accusations.” Detective Clark turns his steely blue glare on Christian. “I need to hear this from Mrs. Grey, sir,” he says with quiet restraint. I squeeze Christian’s wrist once more, silently imploring him to keep his cool. “You don’t have to listen to this shit, Ana.” “I think I should let Detective Clark know what happened.” Christian gazes at me impassively for a beat then waves his hand in a gesture of resignation, letting me continue. “What Hyde says is simply not true.” My voice sounds calm, although I feel anything but. I’m bewildered by these accusations and nervous that Christian might explode. What is Jack’s game? “Jack Hyde accosted me in the office kitchen one evening. He told me that it was thanks to him that I had been hired and that he expected sexual favors in return. He tried to blackmail me, using e-mails that I’d sent to Christian, who wasn’t my husband then. I didn’t know Hyde had been monitoring my e-mails. He’s delusional—he even accused me of being a spy sent by Christian, presumably to help him take over the company. He didn’t know that Christian had already bought SIP.” I shake my head as I recall my distressing, tense encounter with Hyde. “In the end I—I took him down.” Clark’s eyebrows rise in surprise. “Took him down?” “My father is ex-army. Hyde . . . um, touched me, and I know how to defend myself.” Christian glances at me with a brief look of pride. “I see.” Clark leans back on the sofa, sighing heavily. “Have you spoken to any of Hyde’s former PAs?” Christian asks, almost genially. “Yes, we have. But the truth is we can’t get any of his assistants to talk to us. They all say he was an exemplary boss, even though none of them lasted more than three months.” “We’ve had that problem, too,” Christian murmurs. Oh? I gape at Christian, as does Detective Clark. “My security chief. He’s interviewed Hyde’s past five PAs.” “And why’s that?”
Christian gives him a steely glare. “Because my wife worked for him, and I run security checks on anyone my wife works with.” Detective Clark flushes. I shrug apologetically at him with a welcome-to-my-world smile. “I see,” Clark murmurs. “I think there’s more to this than meets the eye, Mr. Grey. We are conducting a more thorough search of his apartment tomorrow, so maybe something will present itself then. Though by all accounts he hasn’t lived there for some time.” “You’ve searched already?” “Yes. We’re doing it again. A fingertip search this time.” “You’ve still not charged him with the attempted murder of Ros Bailey and myself?” Christian says softly. What? “We’re hoping to find more evidence in regard to the sabotage of your aircraft, Mr. Grey. We need more than a partial print, and while he’s in custody we can build a case.” “Is this all you came down here for?” Clark bristles. “Yes, Mr. Grey, it is, unless you’ve had any further thoughts about the note?” Note? Which note? “No. I told you. It means nothing to me.” Christian cannot hide his irritation. “And I don’t see why we couldn’t have done this over the phone.” “I think I told you I prefer a hands-on approach. And I’m visiting my greataunt who lives in Portland— two birds . . . one stone.” Clark remains stony faced and unfazed by my husband’s bad temper. “Well, if we’re all done, I have work to attend to.” Christian stands and Detective Clark follows his cue. “Thank you for your time, Mrs. Grey,” he says politely. I nod. “Mr. Grey.” Christian opens the door, and Detective Clark leaves. I sag into the sofa. “Can you believe that asshole?” Christian explodes. “Clark?” “No. That fucker, Hyde.”
“No, I can’t.” “What’s his fucking game?” Christian whispers through gritted teeth. “I don’t know. Do you think Clark believed me?” “Of course he did. He knows Hyde is a fucked-up asshole.” “You’re very sweary.” “Sweary?” Christian smirks. “Is that a word?” “It is now.” Unexpectedly he grins and sits down beside me, pulling me into his arms. “Don’t think about that fucker. Let’s go see your dad and try to talk about the move tomorrow.” “He was adamant that he wanted to stay in Portland and not be a bother.” “I’ll talk to him.” “I want to travel with him.” Christian gazes at me, and for a moment, I think he’s going to say no. “Okay. I’ll come, too. Sawyer and Taylor can take the cars. I’ll let Sawyer drive your R8 tonight.” ~o0o~ The following day Ray is examining his new surroundings—an airy, light, room in the rehabilitation center of the Northwest Hospital in Seattle. It’s noon, and he looks sleepy. The journey, via helicopter no less, has exhausted him. “Tell Christian I appreciate this,” he says quietly. “You can tell him yourself. He’ll be along this evening.” “Aren’t you going to go to work?” “Probably. I just want to make sure you’re settled in here.” “You get along. You don’t need to worry about me.” “I like worrying about you. ” My BlackBerry buzzes. I check the number—it’s not one I recognize.
“You going to answer that?” Ray asks. “No. I don’t know who it is. The voice mail can take it for me. I bought you some magazines.” I indicate the pile of sporting periodicals on his bedside table. “Thanks, Annie.” “You’re tired, aren’t you?” He nods. “I’ll let you get some sleep.” I lean over and kiss his forehead. “Laters, Daddy,” I murmur. “I’ll see you later, honey. And thank you.” Ray reaches out and catches my hand, squeezing it gently. “I like that you call me daddy. Takes me back.” Oh, Daddy. I return his squeeze. As I head out of the main doors toward the SUV where Sawyer is waiting, I hear my name being called. “Mrs. Grey! Mrs. Grey!” Turning, I see Dr. Greene hurry toward me, looking her usual immaculate self, if a little flustered. “Mrs. Grey, how are you? Did you get my message? I called earlier.” “No.” My scalp prickles. “Well, I was wondering why you’d cancelled four appointments.” Four appointments? I gape at her. I’ve missed four appointments! How? “Perhaps we should talk about this in my office. I was going out for lunch—do you have time right now?”
I nod meekly. “Sure. I . . .” Words fail me. I’ve missed four appointments? I’m late for my shot. Shit. I follow her in a daze back into the hospital and up to her office. How did I miss four appointments? I vaguely remember one being moved—Hannah mentioned it—but four? How could I miss four? Dr. Greene’s office is spacious, minimalist, and well appointed. “I’m so grateful you caught me before I left,” I mumble, still shellshocked. “My father’s been in a car accident, and we’ve just moved him here from Portland.” “Oh, I’m so sorry. How’s he doing?” “He’s doing okay, thank you. On the mend.” “That’s good. And it explains why you cancelled on Friday.” Dr. Greene wiggles the mouse on her desk, and her computer comes to life. “Yes . . . it’s been over thirteen weeks. You’re cutting it a bit fine. We’d better do a test before we give you another shot.” “A test?” I whisper, all the blood rushing from my head. “A pregnancy test.” Oh no. She reaches into the drawer of her desk. “You know what to do with this.” She hands me a small container. “The restroom is just outside my office.” I get up as if in a trance, my whole body robotic, operating on automatic pilot, and stumble to the restroom. Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. How could I have let this happen . . . again? I suddenly feel sick and offer a silent prayer while I pee . Please no. Please no. It’s too soon. It’s too soon. It’s too soon. When I reenter Dr. Greene’s office, she gives me a tight smile and waves me to the seat in front of her desk. I sit down and wordlessly hand her my sample. She dips a small white stick into it and watches. She raises her eyebrows as it turns pale blue. “What does that mean? The blue?” The tension is almost choking me. She looks up at me, her eyes wide. “Well, Mrs. Grey, it means you’re pregnant.” What? No. No. No.
Fuck. Chapter Twenty I gape at Dr. Greene, my world collapsing around me. A baby. A baby. I don’t want a baby . . . not yet. Fuck. And I know deep down that Christian is going to freak. “Mrs. Grey, you’re very pale. Would you like a glass of water?” “Please.” My voice is a barely audible. My mind is racing. Pregnant? When? “I take it you’re surprised.” I nod mutely at the good doctor as she hands me a glass of water from her conveniently placed water cooler. I take a welcome sip. “Shocked,” I whisper. “We could do an ultrasound to see how advanced the pregnancy is. Judging by your reaction, I suspect you’re just a couple of weeks or so from conception––four or five weeks pregnant. I take it you haven’t been suffering any other symptoms?” I shake my head mutely. Symptoms? I don’t think so. “I thought . . . I thought this was a reliable form of contraceptive.” Dr. Greene arches a brow. “It normally is, when you remember to have the shot,” she says coolly. “I must have lost track of time.” Christian is going to freak. I know it. “Have you been bleeding at all?” I frown. “No.” “That’s normal for the Depo. Shall we have a look at you? I have time.” I nod, bewildered, and Dr. Greene directs me toward a black leather table behind a screen. “If you’ll just slip off your skirt and underwear, we’ll go from there,” she says briskly.
Underwear? I was expecting an ultrasound scan over my belly. Why do I need to remove my panties? I shrug in consternation then quickly do as she says and lie down beneath the soft white blanket. “That’s good.” Dr. Greene appears at the end of the table, pulling the ultrasound machine closer. It’s a hi-tech stack of computers. Sitting down, she positions the screen so that we can both see it and jogs the trackball on the keyboard. The screen pings into life. “If you could lift and bend your knees, then part them wide,” she says matter-of-factly. What? “This is a transvaginal ultrasound. If you’re only just pregnant, we should be able to find the baby with this.” She holds up a long white probe. Oh—you have got to be kidding! “Okay,” I mutter, mortified, and do as she says. Greene pulls a condom over the wand and lubricates it with clear gel. “Right, Mrs. Grey, if you could relax.” Relax? I’m pregnant, damn it! How do you expect me to relax? I blush, and endeavor to find my happy place . . . which has relocated somewhere near the lost Island of Atlantis. Slowly and gently she inserts the probe. Holy fuck. All I can see on the screen is the visual equivalent of white noise— although it’s more sepia in color. Slowly, Dr. Greene moves the probe about, and it’s very disconcerting. “There,” she murmurs. She presses a button, freezing the picture on the screen, and points to a tiny blip in the sepia storm. It’s a little blip. There’s a tiny little blip in my belly. Tiny. Wow. I forget my discomfort as I stare shell-shocked at the blip. “It’s too early to see the heartbeat, but yes, you’re definitely pregnant. Four or five weeks, I would say.” She frowns. “Looks like the shot ran out early. Oh well, that happens.” What! I am too stunned to say anything. The little blip is a baby. A real honest to goodness baby. Christian’s baby. My baby. Holy cow . A baby! “Would you like me to print out a picture for you?” I nod, still unable to speak, and Dr. Greene presses a button. Then she gently removes the wand and hands me a paper towel to clean myself. “Congratulations, Mrs. Grey,” she says as I sit up. “We’ll need to make another appointment. I suggest in four weeks’ time. Then we can
ascertain the exact age of your baby and set a likely due date. You can get dressed now.” “Okay.” I’m reeling and I dress hurriedly. I have a blip, a little blip. When I emerge from behind the screen, Dr. Greene is back at her desk. “In the meantime, I’d like you to start this course of folic acid and multivitamins. Here’s a leaflet of dos and don’ts.” As she hands me a package of pills and a leaflet, she continues to talk at me, but I’m not listening. I’m in shock. Overwhelmed. Surely I should be happy. Surely I should be thirty . . . at least. This is too soon—far too soon. I try to quell my rising sense of panic. I wish Dr. Greene a polite goodbye and head in a daze back down to the exit and out into the cool fall afternoon. I’m gripped suddenly by a creeping cold and deep sense of foreboding. Christian is going to freak, I know, but how much and how far, I have no idea. His words haunt me. “I’m not ready to share you yet.” I pull my jacket tighter around me, trying to shake off the cold. Sawyer leaps out of the SUV and holds open the door. He frowns when he sees my face, but I ignore his concerned expression. “Where to, Mrs. Grey?” he asks gently. “SIP.” I nestle into the back of the car, closing my eyes and resting my head on the back seat. I should be happy. I know I should be happy. But I’m not. This is too early. Far too early. What about my job? What about SIP? What about Christian and me? No. No. No. We’ll be fine. He’ll be fine. He loved baby Mia—I remember Carrick telling me—he dotes on her now. Perhaps I should warn Flynn . . . Perhaps I shouldn’t tell Christian. Perhaps I . . . perhaps I should end this. I halt my thoughts on that dark path, alarmed at the direction they’re taking. Instinctively my hand sweeps down to rest protectively over my belly. No. My little Blip. Tears spring to my eyes. What am I going to do? A vision of a little boy with copper-colored hair and bright gray eyes, running through the meadow at the new house invades my thoughts, teasing and tantalizing me with possibilities. He’s giggling and squealing with delight as Christian and I chase him. Christian swings him high in his arms and carries him on his hip as we walk hand in hand back to the house. My vision morphs into Christian turning away from me in disgust. I’m fat and awkward, heavy with child. He paces the long hall of mirrors, away from me, the sound of his footsteps echoing off the silvered glass, walls, and floor. Christian . . . I jerk awake. No. He’s going to freak out. When Sawyer pulls up outside SIP, I leap out and head into the building.
“Ana, great to see you. How’s your dad?” Hannah asks as soon as I reach my office. I regard her coolly. “He’s better, thank you. Can I see you in my office?” “Sure.” She looks surprised as she follows me in. “Is everything okay?” “I need to know if you’ve moved or cancelled any appointments with Dr. Greene.” “Dr. Greene? Yes, I have. About two or three of them. Mostly because you were in other meetings or overrunning. Why?” Because now I’m fucking pregnant! I scream at her in my head. I take a deep, steadying breath. “If you move any appointments, will you make sure I know? I don’t always check my calendar.” “Sure,” Hannah says quietly. “I’m sorry. Have I done something wrong?” I shake my head and sigh loudly. “Can you make me some tea? Then let’s discuss what’s been happening while I’ve been away.” “Sure. I’ll jump to it.” Brightening, she heads out of the office. I gaze after her departing figure. “You see that woman?” I talk quietly to the Blip. “She’s the reason you’re here.” I pat my belly then feel like a complete idiot, because I am talking to the blip. My tiny little Blip. I shake my head, exasperated at myself and at Hannah . . . though deep down I know I can’t really blame Hannah. Despondently I switch on my computer. There’s an e-mail from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Missing you Date: September 13, 2011 13:58 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. Grey I’ve been back in the office for only three hours, and I’m missing you already. Hope Ray has settled in okay at the Northwest. Mom is going to see him this afternoon and check up on him.
I’l col ect you around six this evening, and we can go and see him before heading home. Sound good? Your loving husband Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. I type a quick response. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Missing you Date: September 13, 2011 14:10 To: Christian Grey Sure. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP From: Christian Grey Subject: Missing you Date: September 13, 2011 14:14 To: Anastasia Grey Are you okay? Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc.
No, Christian, I’m not. I’m freaking out about you freaking out. I don’t know what to do. But I am not going to tell you via e-mail. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: Missing you Date: September 13, 2011 14:17 To: Christian Grey Fine. Just busy. See you at six. x Anastasia Grey Commissioning Editor, SIP When will I tell him? Tonight? Maybe after sex? Maybe during sex. No, that might be dangerous for both of us. When he’s asleep? I put my head in my hands. What the hell am I going to do? ~o0o~ “Hi,” Christian says warily as I climb into the SUV. “Hi,” I murmur. “What’s wrong?” He frowns. I shake my head as Taylor sets off toward the hospital. “Nothing.” Maybe now? I could tell him now when we’re in a contained space and Taylor is with us. “Is work all right?” Christian continues to probe. “Yes. Fine. Thanks.” “Ana, what’s wrong?” His tone is a little more forceful. I chicken out. “I’ve just missed you, that’s all. And I’ve been worried about Ray.” Christian visibly relaxes. “Ray’s good. I spoke to Mom this afternoon and she’s impressed with his progress.” Reaching across,
Christian grasps my hand. “Boy, your hand is cold. Have you eaten today?” I blush. “Ana,” Christian scolds me, annoyed. Well, I haven’t eaten because I know you’re going to go bat-shit crazy when I tell you I’m pregnant. “I’ll eat this evening. I haven’t really had time.” He shakes his head in frustration. “Do you want me to add ‘feed my wife’ to the security detail’s list of duties?” “I’m sorry. I’ll eat. It’s just been a weird day. You know, moving Dad and all.” His lips press into a hard line, but he says nothing. I gaze out the window. Tell him! My subconscious hisses. No. I am a coward. Christian interrupts my reverie. “I may have to go to Taiwan.” “Oh. When?” “Later this week. Maybe next week.” “Okay.” “I want you to come with me.” I swallow. “Christian, please. I have my job. Let’s not rehash this argument again.” He sighs and pouts like a sulky teenager. “Thought I’d ask,” he mutters petulantly. “How long will you go for?” “Not more than a couple of days. I wish you’d tell me what’s bothering you.” How can he tell? “Well, now that my beloved husband is going away . . .” Christian kisses my knuckles. “I won’t be away for long.” “Good.” I smile weakly at him. Ray is much brighter and a lot less grumpy when we see him. I’m touched by his quiet gratitude to Christian, and for a moment I forget about my impending news as I sit and listen to them talk fishing and the Mariners. But he tires easily.
“Daddy, we’ll leave you to sleep.” “Thanks, Ana honey. I like that you drop by. Saw your mom today, too, Christian. She was very reassuring. And she’s a Mariners fan.” “She’s not crazy about fishing, though,” Christian says wryly as he rises. “Don’t know many women who are, eh?” Ray grins. “I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?” I lean over and kiss him. My subconscious purses her lips. That’s provided Christian hasn’t locked you away . . . or worse. My spirits take a nosedive. “Come.” Christian holds out his hand, frowning at me. I take it and we leave the hospital. I pick at my food. It’s Mrs. Jones’s chicken chasseur, but I’m just not hungry. My stomach is knotted in a tight ball of anxiety. “Damn it! Ana, will you tell me what’s wrong?” Christian pushes his empty plate away, irritated. I gaze at him. “Please. You’re driving me crazy.” I swallow and try to subdue the panic rising in my throat. I take a deep steadying breath. It’s now or never. “I’m pregnant.” He stills, and very slowly all the color drains from his face. “What?” he whispers, ashen. “I’m pregnant.” His brow furrows with incomprehension. “How?” I blink at him. How . . . how? What sort of ridiculous question is that? I blush, and give him a quizzical how-do-you-think look. His stance changes immediately, his eyes hardening to flint. “Your shot?” he snarls. Oh shit. “Did you forget your shot?” I just gaze at him unable to speak. Jeez, he’s mad—really mad.
“Christ, Ana!” He bangs his fist on the table, making me jump, and stands so abruptly he almost knocks the dining chair over. “You have one thing, one thing to remember. Shit! I don’t fucking believe it. How could you be so stupid?” Stupid! I gasp. Shit. I want to tell him that the shot was ineffective, but words fail me. I gaze down at my fingers. “I’m sorry,” I whisper. “Sorry? Fuck!” he says again. “I know the timing’s not very good.” “Not very good!” he shouts. “We’ve known each other five fucking minutes. I wanted to show you the fucking world and now . . . Fuck. Diapers and vomit and shit!” He closes his eyes. I think he’s trying to contain his temper and losing the battle. “Did you forget? Tell me. Or did you do this on purpose?” His eyes blaze and anger emanates off him like a force field. “No,” I whisper. I can’t tell him about Hannah—he’d fire her. I know. “I thought we’d agreed on this!” he shouts. “I know. We had. I’m sorry.” He ignores me. “This is why. This is why I like control. So things like this don’t come along and fuck everything up.” Thing . . . little Blip is not a thing. “Christian, please don’t shout at me.” Tears start to slip down my face. “Don’t start with waterworks now,” he snaps. “Fuck.” He runs a hand through his hair, pulling at it as he does. “You think I’m ready to be a father?” His voice catches, and it’s a mixture of rage and panic. And it all becomes clear, the fear and loathing writ large in his eyes—his rage is that of a powerless adolescent. Oh Fifty, I am so sorry. It’s a shock for me, too. “I know neither one of us is ready for this, but I think you’ll make a wonderful father,” I choke. “We’ll figure it out.” “How the fuck do you know!” he shouts, louder this time. “Tell me how!” His gray eyes burn, and so many emotions cross his face. It’s fear that’s most prominent. “Oh fuck this!” Christian bellows dismissively and holds his hands up in a gesture of defeat. He turns on his heel and stalks toward the foyer, grabbing his jacket as he leaves the great room. His footsteps echo
off the wooden floor, and he disappears through the double doors into the foyer, slamming the door behind him and making me jump once more. All I am left with is the silence—the still, silent emptiness of the great room. I shudder involuntarily as I gaze numbly at the closed doors. He’s walked out on me. Shit! His reaction is far worse than I could ever have imagined. I push my plate away and fold my arms on the table, letting my head sink into them while I weep. “Ana, dear.” Mrs. Jones is hovering beside me. Oh. I sit up quickly, dashing the tears from my face. “I heard. I’m sorry,” she says gently. “Would you like an herbal tea or something?” “I’d like a glass of white wine.” Mrs. Jones pauses for a fraction of a second, and I remember the Blip. Now I can’t drink alcohol. Can I? I must study the dos and don’ts Dr. Greene gave me. “I’ll get you a glass.” “Actually, I’ll have a cup of tea, please.” I wipe my nose. She smiles kindly. “Cup of tea coming up.” She clears our plates and heads over to the kitchen area. I follow her and perch on a stool, watching her prepare my tea. She places a steaming mug in front of me. “Is there anything else I can get for you, Ana?” “No, this is fine, thank you.” “Are you sure? You didn’t eat much.” I gaze up at her. “I’m just not hungry.” “Ana, you should eat. It’s not just you anymore. Please let me fix you something. What would you like?” She looks so hopefully at me. But really, I can’t face anything. My husband has just walked out on me because I’m pregnant, my father has been in a major car accident, and there’s Jack Hyde the nutcase trying to make out that I sexually harassed him. I suddenly have an uncontrollable urge to giggle. See what you’ve done to me, Little Blip! I caress my belly. Mrs. Jones smiles indulgently at me. “Do you know how far you are?” she asks softly. “Very newly pregnant. Four or five weeks, the doctor isn’t sure.” “If you won’t eat, then at least you should rest.”
I nod, and taking my tea, I head into the library. It’s my refuge. I dig my BlackBerry out of my purse and contemplate calling Christian. I know it’s a shock for him—but he really did overreact. When does he not overreact? My subconscious arches a finely plucked brow at me. I sigh. Fifty Shades of fucked up. “Yes, that’s your daddy, Little Blip. Hopefully he’ll cool off and come back . . . soon.” I pull out the leaflet of dos and don’ts and sit down to read. I can’t concentrate. Christian’s never walked out on me before. He’s been so thoughtful and kind over the last few days, so loving and now . . . Suppose he never comes back? Shit! Perhaps I should call Flynn. I don’t know what to do. I’m at a loss. He’s so fragile, in so many ways, and I knew he’d react badly to the news. He was so sweet this weekend. All those circumstances way beyond his control, yet he managed fine. But this news was too much. Ever since I met him, my life has been complicated. Is it him? Is it the two of us together? Suppose he doesn’t get past this? Suppose he wants a divorce? Bile rises in my throat. No. I mustn’t think this way. He’ll be back. He will. I know he will. I know in spite of all the shouting and his harsh words he loves me . . . yes. And he’ll love you, too, Little Blip. Leaning back in my chair, I start to doze. I wake cold and disorientated. Shivering I check my watch; eleven in the evening. Oh yes . . . You. I pat my belly. Where’s Christian? Is he back? Stiffly I ease out of the armchair and go in search of my husband. Five minutes later, I realize he’s not home. I hope nothing’s happened to him. Memories of the long wait when Charlie Tango went missing flood back. No, no, no. Stop thinking like this. He’s probably gone to . . . where? Who would he go and see? Elliot? Or maybe he’s with Flynn. I hope so. I find my BlackBerry back in the library, and I text him. *Where are you?* I head into the bathroom and run myself a bath. I am so cold. He still hasn’t returned when I climb out of the bath. I change into one of my 1930s-style satin nightdresses and my robe and head to the great room. On the way, I pop into the spare bedroom. Perhaps this could be
Little Blip’s room. I am startled by the thought and stand in the doorway, contemplating this reality. Will we paint it blue or pink? The sweet thought is soured by the fact that my husband is so pissed at the idea and is absent. Grabbing the duvet from the spare bed, I head into the great room to keep vigil. Something wakes me. A sound. “Shit!” It’s Christian in the foyer. I hear the table scrape across the floor again. “Shit!” he repeats, more muffled this time. I scramble up in time to see him stagger through the double doors. He’s drunk. My scalp prickles. Shit, Christian drunk? I know how much he hates drunks. I leap up and run toward him. “Christian, are you okay?” He leans against the jamb of the foyer doors. “Mrs. Grey,” he slurs. Crap. He’s very drunk. I don’t know what to do. “Oh . . . you look mighty fine, Anastasia.” “Where have you been?” He puts his fingers to his lips and smiles crookedly at me. “Shh!” “I think you’d better come to bed.” “With you . . .” He snickers. Snickering! Frowning, I gently put my arm around his waist because he can hardly stand, let alone walk. Where has he been? How did he get home? “Let me help you to bed. Lean on me.” “You are very beautiful, Ana.” He leans onto me and sniffs my hair, almost knocking both of us over. “Christian, walk. I am going to put you to bed.” “Okay,” he says as if he’s trying to concentrate. We stumble down the corridor and finally make it into the bedroom. “Bed,” he says, grinning. “Yes, bed.” I maneuver him to the edge, but he holds me.
“Join me,” he says. “Christian, I think you need some sleep.” “And so it begins. I’ve heard about this.” I frown. “Heard about what?” “Babies mean no sex.” “I’m sure that’s not true. Otherwise we’d all come from one-child families.” He gazes down at me. “You’re funny.” “You’re drunk.” “Yes.” He smiles, but his smile changes as he thinks about it, and a haunted expression crosses his face, a look that chills me to the bone. “Come on, Christian,” I say gently. I hate his expression. It speaks of horrid, ugly memories that no child should see. “Let’s get you into bed.” I push him gently and he flops down onto the mattress, sprawling in all directions and grinning up at me, his haunted expression gone. “Join me,” he slurs. “Let’s get you undressed first.” He grins widely, drunkenly. “Now you’re talking.” Holy cow. Drunk Christian is cute and playful. I’ll take him over mad-as-hell Christian anytime. “Sit up. Let me take your jacket off.” “The room is spinning.” Shit . . . is he going to throw up? “Christian, sit up!” He smirks up at me. “Mrs. Grey, you are a bossy little thing . . .” “Yes. Do as you’re told and sit up.” I put my hands on my hips. He grins again, struggles up onto his elbows then sits up in a most unChristian-like, gawky fashion. Before he can flop down again, I grab his tie and wrestle him out of his gray jacket, one arm at a time.
“You smell good.” “You smell of hard liquor.” “Yes . . . bour-bon.” He pronounces the syllables with such exaggeration that I have to stifle a giggle. Discarding his jacket on the floor beside me, I make a start on his tie. He rests his hands on my hips. “I like the feel of this fabric on you, Anastasia,” he says, slurring his words. “You should always be in satin or silk.” He runs his hands up and down my hips then jerks me forward, pressing his mouth against my belly. “And we have an invader in here.” I stop breathing. Holy cow. He’s talking to Little Blip. “You’re going to keep me awake, aren’t you?” he says to my belly. Oh my. Christian looks up at me through his long dark lashes, gray eyes blurred and cloudy. My heart constricts. “You’ll choose him over me,” he says sadly. “Christian, you don’t know what you’re talking about. Don’t be ridiculous—I am not choosing anyone over anyone. And he might be a she.” He frowns. “A she . . . Oh God.” He flops back down on to the bed and covers his eyes with his arm. I have managed to loosen his tie. I bend, undo one shoelace, and yank off his shoe and sock. I make a start on the other and succeed in no time. When I stand, I see why I’ve met no resistance—Christian has passed out completely. He’s sound asleep and snoring softly. I stare at him. He’s so goddamned beautiful, even drunk and snoring. His sculptured lips parted, one arm above his head, ruffling his messy hair, his face relaxed. He looks young—but then he is young; my young, stressed out, drunk, unhappy husband. The thought lies heavy in my heart. Well, at least he’s home. I wonder where he went. I’m not sure I have the energy or the strength to move him or undress him any further. He’s on top of the duvet, too. Heading back into the great room, I pick up the duvet I was using and bring it back to our bedroom. He’s still fast asleep, still wearing his tie and his belt. I climb onto the bed beside him, loosen his tie further then remove it and gently undo the top button of his shirt. He mumbles something incoherent in his sleep, but he doesn’t wake. Carefully, I unbuckle his belt and pull it through the belt loops, and after some difficulty it’s off. His shirt has come dislodged from his pants, revealing a hint of his happy trail. I can’t resist. I bend and kiss it. He shifts, flexing his hips forward, but stays asleep. I sit up and gaze at him again. Oh Fifty, Fifty, Fifty . . . what am I going to do with you? I brush my fingers through his hair. It’s so soft. I lean down and kiss his temple.
“I love you, Christian. Even when you’re drunk and you’ve been out God knows where, I love you. I’ll always love you.” “Hmmm,” he murmurs. I kiss his temple once more, then get off the bed, and cover him up with the spare duvet. I can sleep beside him, sideways across the bed . . . yes, I’ll do that. First I’ll sort out his clothes, though. I shake my head and pick up his socks and tie, and fold his jacket over my arm. As I do, his BlackBerry falls to the floor. I pick it up and inadvertently unlock it. It opens on the texts screen. I can see my text, and above it, another. Fuck. My scalp prickles. *It was good to see you. I understand now. Don’t fret. You’ll make a wonderful father.* It’s from her. Mrs. Elena Bitch Troll Robinson. Shit. That’s where he went. He’s been to see her. Chapter Twenty-One I gape at the text then look up at the sleeping form of my husband. He’s been out until one thirty in the morning drinking—with her! He snores softly, sleeping the sleep of a seemingly innocent, oblivious drunk. He looks so serene. Oh no, no, no. My legs turn to jelly, and I sink slowly to the chair beside the bed in disbelief. Raw, bitter, humiliating betrayal lances through me. How could he? How could he go to her? Scalding, angry tears ooze down my cheeks. His wrath and fear, his need to lash out at me I can understand, and forgive—just. But this . . . this treachery is too much. I pull my knees up against my chest and wrap my arms around them, protecting me and protecting my Little Blip. I rock to and fro, weeping softly. What did I expect? I married this man too quickly. I knew it—I knew it would come to this. Why. Why. Why? How could he do this to me? He knows how I feel about that woman. How could he turn to her? How? The knife twists slow and painfully deep in my heart, lacerating me. Will it always be this way?
The tears flow, and his prostrate figure blurs and shimmers through my tears. Oh, Christian. I married him because I love him, and deep down I know that he loves me. I know he does. His achingly sweet birthday present comes to mind. For all our firsts on your first birthday as my beloved wife. I love you. C x No, no, no—I can’t believe that it will always be this way, two steps forward and three steps back. But that’s how it’s always been with him. After each setback, we move forward, inch by inch. He will come around . . . he will. But will I? Will I recover from this… from this treachery? I think about how he’s been this last, horrible, wonderful weekend. His quiet strength while my stepdad lay broken and comatose in the ICU . . . my surprise party, bringing my family and friends together . . . dipping me down low outside the Heathman and kissing me in full public view. Oh, Christian, you strain all my trust, all my faith . . . and I love you. But it’s not just me now. I place my hand on my belly. No, I will not let him do this to me and our Blip. Dr. Flynn said I should give him the benefit of the doubt—well, not this time. I dash the tears from my eyes and wipe my nose with the back of my hand. Christian stirs and rolls over, pulling his legs up from the side of the bed, and curls up beneath the duvet. He stretches out a hand as if searching for something, then grumbles and frowns but settles back to sleep, his arm outstretched. Oh, Fifty. What am I going to do with you? And what the hell were you doing with the Bitch Troll? I need to know. I glance once more at the offending text and quickly hatch a plan. Taking a deep breath, I forward the text to my BlackBerry. Step one complete. I quickly check the other recent texts, but can only see messages from Elliot, Andrea, Taylor, Ros, and me. None from Elena. Good, I think. I exit the text screen, relieved that he hasn’t been texting her, and my heart lurches into my throat. Oh my. The wallpaper on his phone is photograph upon photograph of me, a patchwork of tiny Anastasias in various poses—our honeymoon, our recent weekend sailing and soaring, and a few of José’s photos, too. When did he do this? It must have been recently. I notice his e-mail icon, and an idea slithers enticingly into my mind . . . I could read Christian’s e-mails. See if he’s been talking to her. Should I? Sheathed in jade-green silk, my inner goddess nods emphatically, her mouth set in a scowl. Before I can stop myself, I invade his privacy. There are hundreds and hundreds of e-mails. I spin down through them, and they look dull as ditchwater . . . mostly from Ros, Andrea and me, and various executives in his company. None from Bitch Troll. While I’m at it, I’m relieved to see there are none from Leila either. One e-mail catches my eye. It’s from Barney Sullivan, Christian’s IT guy, and the subject line is: Jack Hyde. I glance guiltily at Christian, but he’s still snoring gently. I’ve never heard him snore. I open the email.
From: Barney Sullivan Subject: Jack Hyde Date: September 13, 2011 14:09 To: Christian Grey CCTV around Seattle tracks the white van from South Irving Street. Before that I can find no trace so Hyde must have been based in that area. As Welch has told you the unsub car was rented with a false license by an unknown female, nothing that ties up to the South Irving Street area. Details of known GEH and SIP employees who live in the area are in the attached file, which I have forwarded to Welch, too. There was nothing on Hyde’s SIP computer about his former PAs. As a reminder, here is a list of what was retrieved from Hyde’s SIP computer. Greys’ Home Addresses: Five properties in Seattle Two properties in Detroit Detailed Resumés for: Carrick Grey Elliot Grey Christian Grey Dr. Grace Trevelyan Anastasia Steele Mia Grey Newspaper and online articles relating to: Dr. Grace Trevelyan Carrick Grey
Christian Grey Elliot Grey Photographs: Carrick Grey Dr. Grace Trevelyan Christian Grey Elliot Grey Mia Grey I’l continue my investigation, see what else I can find. B Sullivan Head of IT, GEH. This odd e-mail momentarily sidetracks me from my night of woe. I click on the attachment to check through the names on the list, but it’s obviously huge, too big to open on the BlackBerry. What am I doing? It’s late. I’ve had a tiring day. There are no emails from the Bitch Troll or Leila Williams, and I take some cold comfort from that. I glance quickly at the alarm clock: it’s just after two in the morning. Today has been a day of revelations. I am to be a mother, and my husband has been fraternizing with the enemy. Well, let him stew. I am not sleeping here with him—he can wake up alone tomorrow. After placing his BlackBerry on the bedside table, I retrieve my purse from beside the bed and, after one last look at my angelic, sleeping Judas, I leave the bedroom. The spare playroom key is in its usual place in the cabinet in the utility room. I grab it and scoot upstairs. From the linen closet, I retrieve a pillow, duvet and sheet, then unlock the playroom door and enter, switching the lights to dim. Odd that I find the smell and ambience of this room so comforting, considering I safe worded the last time we were in here. I lock the door behind me, leaving the key in the lock. I know that tomorrow morning Christian will be frantic to find me, and I don’t think he’ll look in here if the door’s locked. Well, it will serve him right. I curl up on the Chesterfield couch, wrap myself in the duvet and drag my BlackBerry from my purse. Checking my texts, I find the one from the evil Bitch Troll that I forwarded from Christian’s phone. I
press ‘Forward’ and type: *WOULD YOU LIKE MRS. LINCOLN TO JOIN US WHEN WE EVENTUALLY DISCUSS THIS TEXT SHE SENT TO YOU? IT WILL SAVE YOU RUNNING TO HER AFTERWARD. YOUR WIFE* I press ‘Send’ and switch the volume to mute. I huddle under my duvet. For all my bravado, I’m overwhelmed by the enormity of Christian’s deceit. This should be a happy time—jeez, we’re going to be parents. Briefly, I relive telling Christian that I’m pregnant and fantasize that he falls to his knees with joy in front of me, pulling me into his arms and on to his lap telling me how much he loves me and our Little Blip. Yet here I am, alone and cold in a BDSM fantasy playroom. Suddenly I feel old, older than my years. Taking on Christian was always going to be a challenge, but he really has surpassed himself this time. What was he thinking? Well, if he wants a fight, I’ll give him a fight. No way am I going to let him get away with running off to see that monstrous woman whenever we have a problem. He’s going to have to choose—her or me and our Little Blip. I sniffle softly, but because I’m so exhausted, I soon fall asleep. I wake with a start, momentarily disorientated . . . oh yes—I’m in the playroom. Because there are no windows, I have no idea what time it is. The door handle rattles. “Ana! ” Christian shouts from outside the door. I freeze . . . but he doesn’t come in. I hear muffled voices, but they move away. I exhale and check the time on my BlackBerry. It’s seven fifty, and I have four missed calls and two voice messages. The missed calls are mostly from Christian, but there’s also one from Kate. Oh no, he must have called her. I don’t have time to listen to them. I don’t want to be late for work. I wrap the duvet around me and pick up my purse before making my way to the door. Unlocking it slowly, I peek outside. No sign of anyone. Oh shit . . . perhaps this is a bit melodramatic. I roll my eyes at myself, take a deep breath and head downstairs. Taylor, Sawyer, Ryan, Mrs. Jones, and Christian are all standing in the entrance to the great room, and Christian issuing rapid-fire instructions. As one they all turn and gape at me. Christian is still wearing the clothes he slept in last night. He looks disheveled, pale, and heart-stoppingly beautiful. His large gray eyes are wide, and I don’t know if he’s fearful or angry. It’s difficult to tell.
“Sawyer, I’ll be ready to leave in about twenty minutes,” I mutter, wrapping the duvet tighter around me for protection. He nods, and all eyes turn to Christian, who is still staring intensely at me. “Would you like some breakfast, Mrs. Grey?” Mrs. Jones asks. I shake my head. “I’m not hungry, thank you.” She purses her lips but says nothing. “Where were you?” Christian asks, his voice low and husky. Suddenly Sawyer, Taylor, Ryan and Mrs. Jones scatter, scurrying into Taylor’s office, into the foyer, and into the kitchen like terrified rats from a sinking ship. I ignore Christian and march toward our bedroom. “Ana,” he calls after me, “answer me.” I hear his footsteps behind me as I walk into the bedroom and continue into our bathroom. Quickly, I turn and lock the door. “Ana!” Christian knocks on the door. I turn on the shower. The door rattles. “Ana, open the damned door.” “Go away!” “I’m not going anywhere.” “Suit yourself.” “Ana, please.” I climb into the shower, effectively blocking him out. Oh, it’s warm. The healing water cascades over me, cleansing the exhaustion of the night off my skin. Oh my. This feels so good. For a moment, for one short moment, I can pretend all is well. I wash my hair and by the time I’ve finished, I feel better, stronger, ready to face the freight train that is Christian Grey. I wrap my hair in a towel, briskly dry myself with another towel, and wrap it around me. I unlock the door and open it and find Christian is leaning against the wall opposite, his hands behind his back. His expression is wary, that of a hunted predator. I stride past him into our walk-in closet. “Are you ignoring me?” Christian asks in disbelief as he stands on the threshold of the closet. “Perceptive, aren’t you?” I murmur absentmindedly as I search for something to wear. Ah, yes—my plum dress. I slide it off the hanger, choose my high black stiletto boots, and head for the bedroom. I pause for Christian to step out of my way, which he does, eventually—his intrinsic good manners taking over. I sense his eyes boring into me as I walk over to my chest of drawers, and I peek at him in the mirror, standing motionless in the doorway, watching me. In an act worthy of an Oscar winner, I let my
towel fall to the floor and pretend that I am oblivious to my naked body. I hear his restrained gasp and ignore it. “Why are you doing this?” he asks. His voice is low. “Why do you think?” My voice is velvet soft as I pull out a pretty pair of black lace La Perla panties. “Ana—” He stops as I shimmy into them. “Go ask your Mrs. Robinson. I’m sure she’ll have an explanation for you,” I mutter as I search for the matching bra. “Ana, I’ve told you before, she’s not my—” “I don’t want to hear it, Christian.” I wave my hand dismissively. “The time for talking was yesterday, but instead you decided to rant and get drunk with the woman who abused you for years. Give her a call. I am sure she’ll be more than willing to listen to you now.” I find the matching bra and slowly pull it on and fasten it. Christian walks further into the bedroom and places his hands on his hips. “Why were you snooping on me?” he says. In spite of my resolve I flush. “That’s not the point, Christian,” I snap at him. “Fact is, going gets tough and you run to her.” His mouth settles into a grim line. “It wasn’t like that.” “I’m not interested.” Picking a pair of black thigh highs with lacey tops, I retreat to the bed. I sit, point my toe, and gently ease the gossamer material up to my thigh. “Where were you?” he asks, his eyes following my hands up my legs, but I continue to ignore him as I slowly roll on the other stocking. Standing, I bend to towel-dry my hair. Through my parted thighs, I can see his bare feet, and I sense his intense gaze. When I’ve finished, I stand and step back to the chest of drawers where I grab my hairdryer. “Answer me.” Christian’s voice is low and husky. I switch on the hairdryer so I can no longer hear him and watch him through my lashes in the mirror as I finger dry my hair. He glares at me, eyes narrow and cool, chilling even. I look away, focusing on the task at hand and trying to suppress the shiver that runs through me. I swallow hard and concentrate on drying my hair. He’s still mad. He goes out with that damned woman, and he’s mad at me? How dare he!
When my hair looks wild and untamed, I stop. Yes . . . I like it. I switch off the hairdryer. “Where were you?” he whispers, his tone arctic. “What do you care?” “Ana, stop this. Now.” I shrug, and Christian moves quickly across the room toward me. I whirl around, stepping back as he reaches out. “Don’t touch me,” I hiss and he freezes. “Where were you?” he demands. His hands fist at his side. “I wasn’t out getting drunk with my ex,” I seethe. “Did you sleep with her?” He gasps. “What? No!” He gapes at me and has the gall to look wounded and angry at the same time. My subconscious breathes a small, welcome sigh of relief. “You think I’d cheat on you?” His tone is one of moral outrage. “You did,” I snarl. “By taking our very private life and spilling your spineless guts to that woman.” His mouth drops open. “Spineless. That’s what you think?” His eyes blaze. “Christian, I saw the text. That’s what I know.” “That text was not meant for you,” he growls. “Well, fact is I saw it when your BlackBerry fell out of your jacket while I was undressing you because you were too drunk to undress yourself. Do you have any idea how much you’ve hurt me by going to see that woman?” He pales momentarily, but I’m on a roll, my inner bitch unleashed. “Do you remember last night when you came home? Remember what you said?” He stares at me blankly, his face frozen. “Well, you were right. I do choose this defenseless baby over you. That’s what any loving parent does. That’s what your mother should have done for you. And I am sorry that she didn’t—because we wouldn’t be having this conversation right now if she had. But you’re an adult now—you need to grow up and smell the fucking coffee and stop behaving like a petulant adolescent.
“You may not be happy about this baby. I’m not ecstatic, given the timing and your less-than-lukewarm reception to this new life, this flesh of your flesh. But you can either do this with me, or I’ll do it on my own. The decision is yours. “While you wallow in your pit of self-pity and self-loathing, I’m going to work. And when I return I’ll be moving my belongings to the room upstairs.” He blinks at me, shocked. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to finish getting dressed.” I am breathing hard. Very slowly, Christian retreats one step, his demeanor hardening. “Is that what you want?” he whispers. “I don’t know what I want any more.” My tone mirrors his, and it takes a monumental effort to feign disinterest while I casually dip the tips of my fingers into my moisturizer and smooth it gently over my face. I peer at myself in the mirror. Blue eyes wide, face pale, but cheeks flushed. You’re doing great. Don’t back down now. Don’t back down now. “You don’t want me?” he whispers. Oh—no . . . oh no you don’t, Grey. “I’m still here aren’t I?” I snap. Taking my mascara, I apply some first to my right eye. “You’ve thought about leaving?” His words are barely audible. “When one’s husband prefers the company of his ex-mistress it’s usually not a good sign.” I pitch the disdain at just the right level, evading his question. Lip gloss now. I pout my shiny lips at the image in the mirror. Stay strong, Steele . . . um—Grey. Holy fuck, I can’t even remember my name. I pick up my boots, stride over to the bed once more, and quickly put them on, tugging them up over my knees. Yep. I look hot just in underwear and boots. I know. Standing, I gaze dispassionately at him. He blinks at me, and his eyes travel swiftly and greedily down my body. “I know what you’re doing here,” he murmurs, and his voice has acquired a warm, seductive edge. “Do you?” And my voice cracks . No, Ana . . . hold on. He swallows and takes a step forward. I step back and hold my hands up. “Don’t even think about it, Grey,” I whisper menacingly. “You’re my wife,” he says softly, threateningly.
“I’m the pregnant woman you abandoned yesterday, and if you touch me I will scream the place down.” His eyebrows rise in disbelief. “You’d scream?” “Bloody murder.” I narrow my eyes. “No one would hear you,” he murmurs, his gaze intense, and briefly I’m reminded of our morning in Aspen. No. No. No. “Are you trying to frighten me?” I mutter breathless, deliberately trying to derail him. It works. He stills and swallows. “That wasn’t my intention.” He frowns. I can barely breathe. If he touches me, I will succumb. I know the power he wields over me and over my traitorous body. I know. I hang on to my anger. “I had a drink with someone I used to be close to. We cleared the air. I am not going to see her again.” “You sought her out?” “Not at first. I tried to see Flynn. But I found myself at the salon.” “And you expect me to believe you’re not going to see her again?” I cannot contain my fury as I hiss at him. “What about the next time I step across some imaginary line? This is the same argument we have over and over again. Like we’re on some Ixion wheel. If I fuck up again, are you going to run back to her?” “I am not going to see her again,” he says with a chilling finality. “She finally understands how I feel.” I blink at him. “What does that mean?” He straightens and runs a hand through his hair, exasperated and angry and mute. I try a different tack. “Why can you talk to her and not to me?” “I was mad at you. Like I am now.” “You don’t say!” I snap. “Well I am mad at you right now. Mad at you for being so cold and callous yesterday when I needed you. Mad at you for saying I got knocked up deliberately, when I didn’t. Mad at you for betraying me.” I manage to suppress a sob. His mouth drops open in shock, and he closes his eyes briefly as if I’d slapped him. I swallow. Calm down, Anastasia.
“I should have kept better track of my shots. But I didn’t do it on purpose. It looks like the shot failed. I don’t know yet. This pregnancy is a shock to me, too.” I mutter, trying for a modicum of civility. He glares at me, silent. “You really fucked up yesterday,” I whisper. “I’ve had a lot to deal with over the last few weeks.” “You really fucked up three or four weeks ago. Or whenever you forgot your shot.” “God forbid I should be perfect like you.” Oh stop, stop, stop. We stand glowering at each other. “This is quite a performance, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers. “Well, I’m glad that even knocked up I’m entertaining.” He stares at me blankly. “I need a shower,” he murmurs. “And I’ve provided enough of a floor show.” “It’s a mighty fine floor show,” he whispers. He steps forward, and I step back again. “Don’t.” “I hate that you won’t let me touch you.” “Ironic, huh?” His eyes narrow once more. “We haven’t resolved much, have we?” “I’d say not. Except that I’m moving out of this bedroom.” His eyes flare and widen briefly. “She doesn’t mean anything to me.” “Except when you need her.” “I don’t need her. I need you.” “You didn’t yesterday. That woman is a hard limit for me, Christian.” “She’s out of my life.” “I wish I could believe you.” “For fuck’s sake, Ana.” “Please let me get dressed.” He sighs and runs a hand through his hair once more. “I’ll see you this evening,” he says, his voice bleak and devoid of feeling. And for a brief moment I want to take him in my arms and soothe him. . . but I
resist because I’m just too mad. He turns and heads for the bathroom. I stand frozen until I hear the door close. I stagger to the bed and flop down on to it. My inner goddess and my subconscious are both giving me a standing ovation. I did not resort to tears, shouting, or murder, nor did I succumb to his sexpertise. I deserve a Congressional Medal of Honor, but I feel so low. Shit. We resolved nothing. We’re on the edge of a precipice. Is our marriage is at stake here? Why can’t he see what a complete and utter ass he’s been running to that woman? And what does he mean when he says he’ll never see her again? How on earth am I supposed to believe that? I glance at the radio alarm—it’s eight thirty. Shit! I’ll don’t want to be late. I take a deep breath. “Round Two was a stalemate, Little Blip,” I whisper, patting my belly. “Daddy may be a lost cause, but I hope not. Why, oh why, did you come so early, Little Blip? Things were just getting good.” My lip trembles, but I take a deep cleansing breath and bring my rolling emotions under control. “Come on. Let’s go kick ass at work.” I don’t say goodbye to Christian. He’s still in the shower when Sawyer and I leave. As I gaze out of the darkened windows of the SUV, my composure slips and my eyes water. My mood is reflected in the gray, dreary sky, and I feel a strange sense of foreboding. We didn’t actually discuss the baby. I have had less than twenty-four hours to assimilate the news of Little Blip—Christian has had even less time. “He doesn’t even know your name.” I caress my belly and wipe tears from my face. “Mrs. Grey.” Sawyer interrupts my reverie. “We’re here.” “Oh. Thanks, Sawyer.” “I’m going to make a run to the deli, ma’am. Can I get you anything?” “No. Thank you, no. I’m not hungry.” Hannah has my latte waiting for me. I take one sniff of it and my stomach roils. “Um—can I have tea, please?” I mutter, embarrassed. I knew there was a reason I never really liked coffee. Jeez, it smells foul. “You okay, Ana?”
I nod and scurry into the safety of my office. My BlackBerry buzzes. It’s Kate. “Why was Christian looking for you?” she asks with no preamble at all. “Good morning, Kate. How are you?” “Cut the crap, Steele. What gives?” The Katherine Kavanagh Inquisition begins. “Christian and I had a fight, that’s all.” “Did he hurt you?” I roll my eyes. “Yes, but not the way you’re thinking.” I cannot deal with Kate at the moment. I know I will cry—and right now I am so proud of myself for not breaking down this morning. “Kate, I have a meeting. I’ll call you back.” “Good. You’re all right?” “Yes.” No. “I’ll call you later, okay?” “Okay, Ana, have it your own way. I’m here for you.” Oh no . . .“I know,” I whisper and fight the backlash of emotion at her kind words. I am not going to cry. I am not going to cry. “Ray okay?” “Yes,” I whisper the word. “Oh, Ana,” she whispers. “Don’t.” “Okay. Talk later.” “Yes.” During the course of the morning, I sporadically check my e-mails, hoping for word from Christian. But there’s nothing. As the day wears on, I realize he’s not going to contact me at all, and that he’s still mad. Well, I’m still mad, too. I throw myself into my work, pausing only at lunchtime for a cream cheese and salmon bagel. It’s extraordinary how much better I feel once I’ve eaten something. At five o’clock Sawyer and I set off for the hospital to see Ray. Sawyer is extra vigilant, and even oversolicitous. It’s irritating. As we approach Ray’s room, he hovers over me.
“Shall I get you some tea while you visit with your father?” he asks. “No thanks, Sawyer. I’ll be fine.” “I’ll wait outside.” He opens the door for me, and I’m grateful to get away from him for a moment. Ray is sitting up in bed reading a magazine. He’s shaved, wearing a pajama top—he looks like his old self. “Hey, Annie.” He grins. And his face falls. “Oh, Daddy . . .” I rush to his side, and in a very uncharacteristic move, he opens his arms wide and hugs me. “Annie?” he whispers. “What is it?” He holds me tight and kisses my hair. As I’m in his arms, I realize how rare these moments between us have been. Why is that? Is that why I like to crawl into Christian’s lap? After a moment, I pull away from him and sit down in the chair beside the bed. Ray’s brow is furrowed with concern. “Tell your old man.” I shake my head. He doesn’t need my problems right now. “It’s nothing, Dad. You look well.” I reach over and clasp his hand. “Feeling more like myself, though this leg in a cast is bitchin’.” “Bitchin’?” His word prompts my smile. He smiles back. “Bitchin’ sounds better than itchin’.” “Oh, Dad, I am so glad you’re okay.” “Me, too, Annie. I’d like to bounce some grandchildren on this bitchin’ knee one day. Wouldn’t want to miss that for the world.” I blink at him. Shit. Does he know? And I fight the tears that prick the corners of my eyes. “You and Christian getting along?” “We had a fight,” I whisper, trying to speak past the knot in my throat. “We’ll work it out.” He nods. “He’s a fine man, your husband,” Ray says reassuringly. “He has his moments. What did the doctors say?” I don’t want to talk about my husband right now; he’s a painful topic of conversation.
Back at Escala, Christian is not home. “Christian called and said that he’d be working late,” Mrs. Jones informs me apologetically. “Oh. Thanks for letting me know.” Why couldn’t he tell me? Jeez, he really is taking his sulk to a whole new level. I am briefly reminded of the fight over our wedding vows and the major tantrum he had then. But I’m the aggrieved one here. “What would you like to eat?” Mrs. Jones has a determined, steely glint in her eye. “Pasta.” She smiles. “Spaghetti, penne, fusilli?” “Spaghetti, your Bolognese.” “Coming up. And Ana . . . you should know Mr. Grey was frantic this morning when he thought you’d left. He was beside himself.” She smiles fondly. Oh . . . He’s still not home by nine. I am sitting at my desk in the library, wondering where he is. I call him. “Ana,” he says, his voice cool. “Hi.” He inhales softly. “Hi,” he says, his voice lower. “Are you coming home?” “Later.” “Are you in the office?” “Yes. Where did you expect me to be?” With her. “I’ll let you go.” We both hang on the line, the silence stretching and tightening between us. “Goodnight, Ana,” he says eventually.
“Goodnight, Christian.” He hangs up. Oh shit. I gaze at my BlackBerry. I don’t know what he expects me to do. I’m not going to let him walk all over me. Yes, he’s mad, fair enough. I’m mad. But we are where we are. I haven’t run off looselipped to my ex-paedo lover. I want him to acknowledge that that is not an acceptable way to behave. I sit back in my chair, gazing at the billiard table in the library, and recall fun times playing snooker. I place my hand on my belly. Maybe it’s just too early. Maybe this is not meant to be . . . And even as I think that, my subconscious is screaming no! If I terminate this pregnancy, I will never forgive myself—or Christian. “Oh, Blip, what have you done to us?” I can’t face talking to Kate. I can’t face talking to anyone. I text her, promising to call soon. By eleven, I can no longer keep my eyelids open. Resigned, I head up to my old room. Curling up beneath the duvet, I finally let myself go, sobbing into my pillow, great heaving unladylike sobs of grief . . . My head is heavy when I wake. Crisp fall light shines through the great windows of my room. Glancing at my alarm I see it’s seven thirty. My immediate thought is where’s Christian? I sit up and swing my legs out of bed. On the floor beside the bed is Christian’s silver-gray tie, my favorite. It wasn’t there when I went to bed last night. I pick it up and stare at it, caressing the silky material between my thumbs and forefingers, then hug it against my cheek. He was here, watching me sleep. And a glimmer of hope sparks deep inside me. Mrs. Jones is busy in the kitchen when I arrive downstairs. “Good morning,” she says brightly. “Morning. Christian?” I ask. Her face falls. “He’s already left.” “So he did come home?” I need to check, even though I have his tie as evidence. “He did,” she pauses, “Ana, please forgive me for speaking out of turn, but don’t give up on him. He’s a stubborn man.”
I nod, and she stops. I’m sure my expression tells her I do not want to discuss my errant husband right now. When I arrive at work, I check my e-mails. My heart leaps into overdrive when I see there’s one from Christian. From: Christian Grey Subject: Portland Date: September 15, 2011 06:45 To: Anastasia Grey Ana, I am flying down to Portland today. I have some business to conclude with WSU. I thought you would want to know. Christian Grey CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Oh. Tears prick my eyes. That’s it? My stomach flips. Shit! I am going to be sick. I race to the powder room and make it just in time, depositing my breakfast into the toilet. I sink to the floor of the cubicle and put my head in my hands. Could I be any more miserable? After a while, there’s a gentle knock on the door. “Ana?” It’s Hannah. Fuck. “Yes?” “Are you okay?”
“I’ll be out in a moment.” “Boyce Fox is here to see you.” Shit. “Show him into the meeting room. I’ll be there in a minute.” “Do you want some tea?” “Please.” After my lunch—another cream cheese and salmon bagel, which I manage to keep down—I sit staring listlessly at my computer, looking for inspiration and wondering how Christian and I are going to resolve this huge problem. My BlackBerry buzzes, making me jump. I glance at the screen— it’s Mia. Jeez, that’s all I need, her gushing and enthusiasm. I hesitate, wondering if I could just ignore it, but courtesy wins out. “Mia,” I answer brightly. “Well, hello there, Ana—long time no speak.” The male voice is familiar, and my world stops spinning. Fuck! My scalp prickles and all the hair on my body stands to attention as adrenaline floods through my system. It’s Jack Hyde. Chapter Twenty-two
“Jack.” My voice has disappeared, choked by fear. What does he want? How is he out of jail? Why does he have Mia’s phone? The blood drains from my face, and I feel dizzy. “You do remember me,” he says, his tone soft. I sense his bitter smile. “Yes. Of course.” My answer is automatic as my mind races. “You’re probably wondering why I called you.” “Yes.” Hang up. “Don’t hang up. I’ve been having a chat with your little sister-inlaw.” What? Mia! No! “What have you done?” I whisper, trying to quell my fear. “Listen here, you prick-teasing, gold-digging whore. You fucked up my life. Grey fucked up my life. You owe me. I have the little bitch with me now. And you, that cock-sucker you married, and his whole fucking family are going to pay.” Hyde’s contempt and bile shock me. His family? What the hell? “What do you want?” “I want his money. I really want his fucking money. If things had been different, it could have been me. So you’re going to get it for me. I want five million dollars, today.” “Jack, I don’t have access to that kind of money.” He snorts his derision. “You have two hours to get it. That’s it—two hours. Tell no one or this little bitch gets it. Not the cops. Not your prick of a husband. Not his security team. I will know if you do. Understand?” He pauses and I try to respond, but my panic and fear seal my throat. “You understand!” he shouts. “Yes,” I whisper. “Or I will kill her.” I gasp.
“Keep your phone with you. Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her. You have two hours.” “Jack, I need longer. Three hours. How do I know that you have her?” The line goes dead. I gape in horror at the phone my mouth parched with fear, leaving the nasty metallic taste of terror. Mia , he has Mia. Or does he? My mind whirrs at the obscene possibility, and my stomach roils again. I think I’m going to be sick, but I inhale deeply, trying to steady my panic, and the nausea passes. My mind rockets through the possibilities. Tell Christian? Tell Taylor? Call the police? How will Jack know? Does he actually have Mia? I need time, time to think—but I can only accomplish that by following his instructions. I grab my purse and head for the door. “Hannah, I have to go out. I am not sure how long I’ll be. Cancel my appointments this afternoon. Let Elizabeth know I have to deal with an emergency.” “Sure, Ana. Everything okay?” Hannah frowns, concern etched on her face as she watches me flee. “Yes,” I call back distractedly, hurrying toward reception where Sawyer is waiting. “Sawyer.” He leaps up from the armchair at the sound of my voice, and frowns when he sees my face. “I’m not feeling well. Please take me home.” “Sure, ma’am. Do you want to wait here while I get the car?” “No, I’ll come with you. I’m in a hurry to get home.” I gaze out the window in stark terror, running through my plan. Get home. Change. Find checkbook. Escape from Ryan and Sawyer somehow. Go to bank. Hell, how much room does five million dollars take up? What will it weigh? Will I need a suitcase? Should I telephone the bank in advance? Mia. Mia. What if he doesn’t have Mia? How can I check? If I call Grace it will raise her suspicions, and possibly endanger Mia. He said he would know. I glance out the back of the SUV. Am I being followed? My heart races as I examine the cars following us. They look innocuous enough. Oh, Sawyer, drive faster. Please. My eyes flicker to meet his in the rearview mirror and his brow creases. Sawyer presses a button on his Bluetooth headset to answer a call. “T . . . I wanted to let you know Mrs. Grey is with me.” Sawyer’s eyes meet mine once more before he looks back at the road and continues. “She’s unwell. I’m taking her back to Escala . . . I see . . . sir.” Sawyer’s eyes flick from the road to mine in the rearview mirror again.
“Yes,” he agrees, and hangs up. “Taylor?” I whisper. He nods. “He’s with Mr. Grey?” “Yes, ma’am.” Sawyer’s look softens in sympathy. “Are they still in Portland?” “Yes, ma’am.” Good. I have to keep Christian safe. My hand strays down to my belly, and I rub it consciously. And you, Little Blip. Keep you both safe. “Can we hurry please? I’m not feeling well.” “Yes, ma’am.” Sawyer presses the accelerator and our car glides through the traffic. Mrs. Jones is nowhere to be seen when Sawyer and I arrive at the apartment. Since her car is missing from the garage, I assume she’s running errands with Ryan. Sawyer heads for Taylor’s office while I bolt to Christian’s study. Scuttling in panic around his desk, I wrench open the drawer to find the checkbooks. Leila’s gun slides forward into view. I feel an incongruous twinge of annoyance that Christian has not secured this weapon. He knows nothing about guns—jeez, he could get hurt. After a moment’s hesitation, I grab the pistol, check to ensure it’s loaded, and tuck it into the waistband of my black slacks. I may need it. I swallow hard. I’ve only ever practiced on targets. I’ve never fired a gun at anyone; I hope Ray will forgive me . I turn my attention to tracking down the right checkbook. There are five, and only one is in the names of C. Grey and Mrs. A. Grey. I have about fifty-four thousand dollars in my own account. I have no idea how much money is in this one. But Christian must be good for five million dollars, surely. Perhaps there’s money in the safe? Crap. I have no idea of the number. Didn’t he mention the combination was it his filing cabinet? I try the cabinet, but it’s locked. Shit. I’ll have to stick to plan A. I take a deep breath and, in a more composed but determined manner, stride to our bedroom. The bed has been made, and for a moment, I feel a pang. Perhaps I should have slept here last night. What is the point of arguing with someone who, by their own admission, is fifty shades? He’s not even talking to me now. No—I do not have time to think about this.
Quickly, I change out of my slacks, pulling on jeans, a hooded sweatshirt, and a pair of sneakers and put the gun in the waistband of my jeans, at my back. From the closet I fish out a large soft duffle bag. Will five million dollars fit into this? Christian’s gym bag is lying there on the floor. I open it, expecting to find it full of dirty laundry, but no— his gym kit is clean and fresh. Mrs. Jones does indeed get everywhere. I dump the contents onto the floor and stuff his gym bag into my duffle. There, that should do it. I check that I have my driver’s license as identification for the bank and check the time. It’s been thirty-one minutes since Jack called. Now I just have to get out of Escala without Sawyer seeing me. I make my way slowly and quietly to the foyer, aware of the CCTV camera which is trained on the elevator. I think Sawyer’s still in Taylor’s office. Cautiously, I open the foyer door, making as little noise as possible. Shutting it quietly behind me, I stand on the very threshold, up against the door, out of the view of the CCTV lens. I fish my cell phone out of my purse and call Sawyer. “Mrs. Grey.” “Sawyer, I’m in the room upstairs, will you give me a hand with something?” I keep my voice low, knowing he’s just down the hallway on the other side of this door. “I’ll be right with you, ma’am,” he says, and I hear his confusion. I’ve never telephoned him for help before. My heart is in my throat, pounding in a jarring, frenetic rhythm. Will this work? I hang up and listen as his footsteps cross the hallway and go up the stairs. I take another deep steadying breath and briefly contemplate the irony of escaping from my own home like a felon. Once Sawyer’s reached the upstairs landing, I race to the elevator and punch the call button. The doors slide open with the too-loud ping that announces the elevator is ready. I dash inside and frantically stab the button for the basement garage. After an agonizing pause, the doors slowly start to slide shut, and as they do I hear Sawyer’s cries. “Mrs. Grey!” Just as the elevator doors close, I see him skid into the foyer. “Ana!” he shouts in disbelief. But he’s too late, and he disappears from view. The elevator sinks smoothly down to the garage level. I have a couple of minutes’ start on Sawyer, and I know he’ll try to stop me. I glance longingly at my R8 as I rush to the Saab, open the door, toss the duffel bag onto the passenger seat, and slide into the driver’s seat. I start the Saab, and the tires squeal as I race to the entrance and wait eleven agonizing seconds for the barrier to lift. The instant it’s clear I drive out, catching sight of Sawyer in my rearview mirror as he dashes out of service elevator into the garage. His bewildered, injured expression haunts me as I turn off the ramp onto Fourth Avenue. I let out my
long held breath. I know Sawyer will call Christian or Taylor, but I’ll deal with that when I have to—I don’t have time to dwell on it now. I squirm uncomfortably in my seat, knowing in my heart of hearts that Sawyer’s probably lost his job. Don’t dwell. I have to save Mia. I have to get to the bank and collect five million dollars. I glance in the rearview mirror, nervously anticipating the sight of the SUV bursting forth from the garage, but as I drive away, there’s no sign of Sawyer. The bank is sleek, modern, and understated. There are hushed tones, echoing floors, and pale green etched glass everywhere. I stride to the information desk. “Can I help you, ma’am?” The young woman gives me a bright, insincere smile, and for a moment I regret changing into jeans. “I’d like to withdraw a large sum of money.” Ms. Insincere Smile arches an even more insincere eyebrow. “You have an account with us?” She fails to hide her sarcasm. “Yes,” I snap. “My husband and I have several accounts here. His name is Christian Grey.” Her eyes widen fractionally and insincerity gives way to shock. Her eyes sweep up and down me once more, this time with a combination of disbelief and awe. “This way, ma’am,” she whispers, and leads me to a small, sparsely furnished office walled with more green-etched glass. “Please take a seat.” She gestures to a black leather chair by a glass desk bearing a state-of-the-art computer and phone. “How much will you be withdrawing today, Mrs. Grey?” she asks pleasantly. “Five million dollars.” I look her straight in the eye as if I ask for this amount of cash every day. She blanches. “I see. I’ll fetch the manager. Oh, forgive me for asking, but do you have ID?” “I do. But I’d like to speak to the manager.” “Of course, Mrs. Grey.” She scurries out. I sink into the seat, and a wave of nausea washes over me as the gun presses uncomfortably into the small of my back . Not now. I can’t be sick now. I take a deep cleansing breath, and the wave passes. Nervously, I check my watch. Twenty-five past two.
A middle-aged man enters the room. He has a receding hairline, but wears a sharp, expensive charcoal suit and matching tie. He holds out his hand. “Mrs. Grey. I’m Troy Whelan.” He smiles, we shake, and he sits down at the desk opposite me. “My colleague tells me you’d like to withdraw a large amount of money.” “That’s correct. Five million dollars.” He turns to his sleek computer and taps in a few numbers. “We normally ask for some notice for large amounts of money.” He pauses, and flashes me a reassuring but supercilious smile. “Fortunately, however, we hold the cash reserve for the entire Pacific Northwest,” he boasts. Jeez, is he trying to impress me? “Mr. Whelan, I’m in a hurry. What do I need to do? I have my driver’s license, and our joint account checkbook. Do I just write a check?” “First things first, Mrs. Grey. May I see the ID?” He switches from jovial show-off to serious banker. “Here.” I hand over my license. “Mrs. Grey . . . this says Anastasia Steele.” Oh shit. “Oh . . . yes. Um.” “I’ll call Mr. Grey.” “Oh no, that won’t be necessary.” Shit! “I must have something with my married name.” I rifle through my purse. What do I have with my name on it? I pull out my wallet, open it and find a photograph of Christian and me, on the bed in Fair Lady’s cabin. I can’t show him that! I dig out my black Amex. “Here.” “Mrs. Anastasia Grey,” Whelan reads. “Yes, that should do.” He frowns. “This is highly irregular, Mrs. Grey. “Do you want me to let my husband know that your bank has been less than cooperative?” I square my shoulders and give him my most forbidding stare. He pauses, momentarily reassessing me, I think. “You’ll need to write a check, Mrs. Grey.”
“Sure. This account?” I show him my checkbook, trying to quell my pounding heart “That’ll be fine. I’ll also need you to complete some additional paperwork. If you’ll excuse me for a moment?” I nod, and he rises and stalks out of the office. Again, I release my held breath. I had no idea this would be so difficult. Clumsily, I open my checkbook and pull a pen out of my purse. Do I just make it out to cash? I have no idea. With shaking fingers I write: Five million dollars. $5,000,000. Oh God, I hope I’m doing the right thing. Mia, think of Mia. I can’t tell anyone. Jack’s chilling, repugnant words haunt me. “Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her.” Mr. Whelan returns, pale-faced and sheepish. “Mrs. Grey? Your husband wants to speak with you,” he murmurs and points to the phone on the glass table between us. What? No. “He’s on line one. Just press the button. I’ll be outside.” He has the grace to look embarrassed. Benedict Arnold has nothing on Whelan. I scowl at him, feeling the blood drain from my face again as he shuffles out of the office. Shit! Shit! Shit! What am I going to say to Christian? He’ll know. He’ll intervene. He’s a danger to his sister. My hand trembles as I reach for the phone. I hold it against my ear, trying to calm my erratic breathing, and press the button for line one. “Hi,” I murmur, trying in vain to steady my nerves. “You’re leaving me?” Christian’s words are an agonized, breathless whisper. What? “No!” My voice mirrors his. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no—how can he think that? The money? He thinks I’m going because of the money? And in moment of horrific clarity, I realize the only way I’m going to keep Christian at arm’s length, out of harm’s way, and to save his sister . . . is to lie. “Yes,” I whisper. And searing pain lances through me, tears springing to my eyes. He gasps, almost a sob. “Ana, I—” He chokes.
No! My hand clutches my mouth as I stifle my warring emotions. “Christian, please. Don’t.” I fight back tears. “You’re going?” he says. “Yes.” “But why the cash? Was it always the money?” His tortured voice is barely audible. No! Tears roll down my face. “No,” I whisper. “Is five million enough?” Oh please, stop! “Yes.” “And the baby?” His voice is a breathless echo. What? My hand moves from my mouth to my belly. “I’ll take care of the baby,” I murmur. My Little Blip . . . our Little Blip. “This is what you want?” No! “Yes.” He inhales sharply. “Take it all,” he hisses. “Christian,” I sob. “It’s for you. For your family. Please. Don’t.” “Take it all, Anastasia.” “Christian—” And I nearly cave. Nearly tell him—about Jack, about Mia, about the ransom. Just trust me, please! I silently beg him. “I’ll always love you.” His voice is hoarse. He hangs up. “Christian! No . . . I love you, too.” And all the stupid shit that we put each other through over the last few days fades into insignificance. I promised I’d never leave him. I am not leaving you. I am saving your sister. I slump into the chair, weeping copiously into my hands. I am interrupted by a timid knock on the door. Whelan enters, though I haven’t acknowledged him. He looks everywhere but at me. He’s mortified.
You called him, you bastard! I glare at him. “You have carte blanche, Mrs. Grey,” he says. “Mr. Grey has agreed to liquefy some of his assets. He says you can have whatever you need.” “I just need five million dollars,” I mutter through gritted teeth. “Yes ma’am. Are you all right?” “Do I look all right?” I snap. “I’m sorry, ma’am. Some water?” I nod, sullenly. I have just left my husband. Well, Christian thinks I have. My subconscious purses her lips. Because you told him so. But I don’t want to leave him. I love him. “I’ll have my colleague bring you some while I prepare the money. If you could just sign here, ma’am . . . and make the check out to cash and sign that, too.” He places a form on the table. I scrawl my signature along the dotted line of the check, then the form. Anastasia Grey. Teardrops fall on the desk, narrowly missing the paperwork. “I’ll take those, ma’am. It will take us about half an hour to prepare the money.” I quickly check my watch. Jack said two hours—that should take us to two hours. I nod to Whelan, and he tiptoes out of the office, leaving me to my misery. A few moments, minutes, hours later—I don’t know—Miss Insincere Smile reenters with a carafe of water and a glass. “Mrs. Grey,” she says softly as she places the glass on the desk and fills it. “Thank you.” I take the glass and drink gratefully. She exits, leaving me with my jumbled, frightened thoughts. I will fix things with Christian somehow . . . if it’s not too late. At least he’s out of the picture. Right now I have to concentrate on Mia. Suppose Jack is lying? Suppose he doesn’t have her? Surely I should call the police. “Tell no one or I’ll fuck her up before I kill her.” I can’t. I sit back in the chair, feeling the reassuring presence of Leila’s pistol at my waist, digging into my back. Who would have thought I’d ever feel grateful that Leila once pulled a gun on me? Oh, Ray, I’m so glad you taught me how to shoot.
Ray! I gasp. He’ll be expecting me to visit this evening. Perhaps I can simply dump the money with Jack. He can run while I take Mia home. Oh, this sounds absurd! My BlackBerry jumps to life, “Your Love is King” filling the room. Oh no! What does Christian want? To twist the knife in my wounds? “Was it always the money?” Oh, Christian—how could you think that? Anger flares in my gut. Yes, anger. It helps. I send the call to voice mail. I’ll deal with my husband later. There’s a knock on the door. “Mrs. Grey.” It’s Whelan. “The money is ready.” “Thank you.” I stand up and the room spins momentarily. I clutch the chair. “Mrs. Grey, are you feeling okay?” I nod and give him a back-off-now-mister stare. I take another deep calming breath. I have to do this. I have to do this. I must save Mia. I pull the hem of my hooded sweatshirt down, concealing the butt of the pistol in the back of my jeans. Mr. Whelan frowns but holds open the door, and I propel myself forward on my shaking limbs. Sawyer is waiting at the entrance, scanning the public area. Shit! Our eyes meet, and he frowns at me, gauging my reaction. Oh, he’s mad. I hold up my index finger in a with-you-in-a-minute gesture. He nods and answers a call on his cell phone. Shit! I bet that’s Christian. I turn abruptly, almost colliding with Whelan right behind me, and bolt back into the little office. “Mrs. Grey?” Whelan sounds confused as he follows me back in. Sawyer could blow this whole plan. I gaze up at Whelan. “There’s someone out there I don’t want to see. Someone following me.” Whelan’s eyes widen. “Do you want me to call the police?” “No!” Holy fuck, no. What am I going to do? I glance at my watch. It’s nearly three fifteen. Jack will call any moment. Think, Ana, think!
Whelan gazes at me in growing desperation and bewilderment. He must think I’m crazy. You are crazy, my subconscious snaps. “I need to make a call. Could you give me some privacy, please?” “Certainly,” Whelan answers—grateful, I think, to leave the room. When he’s closed the door, I call Mia’s cell phone with trembling fingers. “Well, if it isn’t my paycheck,” Jack answers scornfully. I don’t have time for his bullshit. “I have a problem.” “I know. Your security followed you to the bank.” What? How the hell does he know? “You’ll have to lose him. I have a car waiting at the back of the bank. Black SUV, a Dodge. You have three minutes to get there.” The Dodge! “It may take longer than three minutes.” My heart leaps into my throat once more. “You’re bright for a gold-digging whore, Grey. You figure it out. And dump your cell phone once you reach the vehicle. Got it, bitch?” “Yes.” “Say it!” he snaps. “I’ve got it.” He hangs up. Shit! I open the door to find Whelan waiting patiently outside. “Mr. Whelan, I’ll need some help taking the bags to my car. It’s parked outside, at the back of the bank. Do you have an exit at the rear?” He frowns. “We do, yes. For staff.” “Can we leave that way? I can avoid the unwelcome attention at the door.” “As you wish, Mrs. Grey. I’ll have two clerks help with the bags and two security guards to supervise. If you could follow me?” “I have one more favor to ask you.”
“By all means, Mrs. Grey.” Two minutes later my entourage and I are out on the street, heading over to the Dodge. Its windows are blacked out, and I can’t tell who’s at the wheel. But as we approach, the driver’s door swings open, and a woman clad in black with a black cap pulled low over her face climbs gracefully out of the car. Elizabeth! She moves to the rear of the SUV and opens the trunk. The two young bank clerks carrying the money sling the heavy bags into the back. “Mrs. Grey.” She has the nerve to smile as if we are off on a friendly jaunt. “Elizabeth.” My greeting is arctic. “Nice to see you outside work.” Mr. Whelan clears this throat. “Well, it’s been an interesting afternoon, Mrs. Grey,” he says. And I am forced to observe the social niceties of shaking his hand and thanking him while my mind reels. Elizabeth? What the hell? Why is she mixed up with Jack? Whelan and his team disappear back into the bank, leaving me alone with the head of personnel at SIP who’s involved in kidnapping, extortion, and very possibly other felonies. Why? Elizabeth opens the rear passenger door and ushers me in. “Your phone, Mrs. Grey?” she asks, watching me warily. I hand it to her, and she tosses it into a nearby trashcan. “That will throw the dogs off the scent,” she says smugly. Who is this woman? Elizabeth slams my door shut and climbs into the driver’s seat. I glance anxiously behind me as she pulls out into the traffic, going east. Sawyer is nowhere to be seen. “Elizabeth, you have the money. Call Jack. Tell him to let Mia go.” “I think he wants to thank you in person.” Shit! I glare at her stonily in the rearview mirror. She pales and an anxious scowl mars her otherwise lovely face. “Why are you doing this, Elizabeth? I thought you didn’t like Jack.” She glances at me again briefly in the mirror, and I see a fleeting look of pain in her eyes. “Ana, we’ll get along just fine if you keep your mouth shut.”
“But you can’t do this. This is so wrong.” “Quiet,” she says, but I sense her unease. “Does he have some kind of hold on you?” I ask. Her eyes shoot to mine and she slams on the brakes, throwing me forward so hard I hit my face against the headrest of the front seat. “I said be quiet,” she snarls. “And I suggest you put on your seatbelt.” And in that moment I know that he does. Something so awful that she’s prepared to do this for him. I wonder briefly what that could be. Theft from the company? Something from her private life? Something sexual? I shudder at the thought. Christian said that none of Jack’s PAs would talk. Perhaps it’s the same story with all of them. That’s why he wanted to fuck me, too. Bile rises in my throat with revulsion at the thought. Elizabeth heads away from downtown Seattle and up into the hills to the east. Before long we’re driving through residential streets. I catch sight of one of the street signs: SOUTH IRVING STREET. She turns sharp left at a junction into a deserted street with a dilapidated children’s playground on one side and a large concrete parking lot flanked by a row of squat, empty brick buildings on the other. Elizabeth pulls into the parking lot and stops outside the last of the brick units. She turns to me. “Showtime,” she murmurs. My scalp prickles as fear and adrenaline course through my body. “You don’t have to do this,” I whisper back. Her mouth flattens into a grim line, and she climbs out of the car . This is for Mia. This is for Mia. I quickly pray, Please let her be okay, please let her be okay. “Get out,” Elizabeth snaps, yanking the rear passenger door open. Shit. As I clamber out, my legs are shaking so hard I wonder if I can stand. The cool late-afternoon breeze carries the scent of the coming fall and the chalky, dusty smell of derelict buildings. “Well, lookie here.” Jack emerges from a small, boarded-up doorway on the left of the building. His hair is short. He’s removed his earrings and he’s wearing a suit. A suit? He ambles toward me, oozing arrogance and hate. My heart rate spikes. “Where’s Mia?” I stammer, my mouth so dry I can hardly form the words. “First things first, bitch,” Jack sneers, coming to a halt in front of me. I can practically taste his contempt. “The money?”
Elizabeth is checking the bags in the trunk. “There’s a hell of a lot of cash here,” she says in awe, zipping and unzipping each bag. “And her cell?” “In the trash.” “Good,” Jack snarls, and from nowhere he lashes out, backhanding me hard across the face. The ferocious, unprovoked blow knocks me to the ground, and my head bounces with a sickening thud off the concrete. Pain explodes in my head, my eyes fill with tears, and my vision blurs as the shock of the impact resonates, unleashing agony that pulses through my skull. I scream a silent cry of suffering and shocked terror. Oh no— Little Blip. Jack follows through with a swift, vicious kick to my ribs, and my breath is blasted from my lungs by the force of the blow. Scrunching my eyes tightly, I try to fight the nausea and pain, to fight for a precious breath. Little Blip, Little Blip, oh my Little Blip— “That’s for SIP, you fucking bitch!” Jack screams. I pull my legs up, huddling into a ball and anticipating the next blow. No. No. No. “Jack!” Elizabeth screeches. “Not here. Not in broad daylight for fuck’s sake!” He pauses. “The bitch deserves it!” he gloats to Elizabeth. And it gives me one precious second to reach around and pull the gun from the waistband of my jeans. Shakily, I aim at him, squeeze the trigger, and fire. The bullet hits him just above the knee, and he collapses in front of me, crying out in agony, clutching his thigh as his fingers redden with his blood. “Fuck! ” Jack bellows. I turn to face Elizabeth, and she’s gaping at me in horror and raising her hands above her head. She blurs . . . darkness closes in. Shit . . . She’s at the end of a tunnel. Darkness consuming her. Consuming me. From far away, all hell breaks loose. Cars screeching . . . brakes . . . doors . . . shouting . . . running . . . footsteps. The gun drops from my hand. “Ana! ” Christian’s voice . . . Christian’s voice . . . Christian’s agonized voice. Mia . . . save Mia. “ANA!” Darkness . . . peace.
Chapter Twenty-three There is only pain. My head, my chest . . . burning pain. My side, my arm. Pain. Pain and hushed words in the gloom. Where am I? Though I try, I cannot open my eyes. The whispered words become clearer . . . a beacon in the darkness. “Her ribs are bruised, Mr. Grey, and she has a hairline fracture to her skull, but her vital signs are stable and strong.” “Why is she still unconscious?” “Mrs. Grey has had a major contusion to her head. But her brain activity is normal, and she has no cerebral swelling. She’ll wake when she’s ready. Just give her some time.” “And the baby?” The words are anguished, breathless. “The baby’s fine, Mr. Grey.” “Oh, thank God.” The words are a litany . . . a prayer. “Oh, thank God.” Oh my. He’s worried about the baby . . . the baby? . . . Little Blip. Of course. My Little Blip. I try in vain to move my hand to my belly. Nothing moves, nothing responds. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” Little Blip is safe. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” He cares about the baby. “And the baby? . . . Oh, thank God.” He wants the baby. Oh thank God. I relax, and unconsciousness claims me once more, stealing me away from the pain.
Everything is heavy and aching: limbs, head, eyelids, nothing will move. My eyes and mouth are resolutely shut, unwilling to move, leaving me blind and mute and aching. As I surface from the fog, consciousness hovers, a seductive siren just out of reach. Sounds become voices. “I’m not leaving her.” Christian! He’s here . . . I will myself to wake—his voice is strained, an agonized whisper. “Christian, you should sleep.” “No, Dad. I want to be here when she wakes up.” “I’ll sit with her. It’s the least I can do after she saved my daughter.” Mia! “How’s Mia?” “She’s groggy . . . scared and angry. It’ll be a few hours before the Rohypnol is completely out of her system.” “Christ.” “I know. I’m feeling seven kinds of foolish for relenting on her security. You warned me, but Mia is so stubborn. If it wasn’t for Ana here . . .” “We all thought Hyde was out of the picture. And my crazy, stupid wife—Why didn’t she tell me?” Christian’s voice is full of anguish. “Christian, calm down. Ana’s a remarkable young woman. She was incredibly brave.” “Brave and headstrong and stubborn and stupid.” His voice cracks. “Hey,” Carrick murmurs, “don’t be so hard on her, or yourself, son . . . I’d better get back to your mom. It’s after three in the morning, Christian. You really should try to sleep.” The fog closes in. The fog lifts but I have no sense of time. “If you don’t take her across your knee, I sure as hell will. What the hell was she thinking?” “Trust me, Ray, I just might do that.”
Dad! He’s here. I fight the fog . . . fight . . . But I spiral down once more into oblivion. No . . . “Detective, as you can see, my wife is no state to answer any of your questions.” Christian is angry. “She’s a headstrong young woman, Mr. Grey.” “I wish she’d killed the fucker.” “That would have meant more paperwork for me, Mr. Grey . . .” “Miss Morgan is singing like the proverbial canary. Hyde’s a real twisted son of a bitch. He has a serious grudge against your father and you . . .” The fog surrounds me once more, and I’m dragged down . . . down . No! “What do you mean you weren’t talking?” It’s Grace. She sounds angry. I try to move my head, but I’m met with a resounding, listless silence from my body. “What did you do?” “Mom—” “Christian! What did you do?” “I was so angry.” It’s almost a sob . . . No. “Hey . . .” The world dips and blurs and I’m gone. I hear soft garbled voices. “You told me you’d cut all ties.” Grace is talking. Her voice is quiet, admonishing. “I know.” Christian sounds resigned. “But seeing her finally put it all in perspective for me. You know . . . with the child. For the first time I felt . . . What we did . . . it was wrong.” “What she did darling . . . Children will do that to you. Make you look at the world in a different light.”
“She finally got the message . . . and so did I . . . I hurt Ana,” he whispers. “We always hurt the ones we love, darling. You’ll have to tell her you’re sorry. And mean it and give her time.” “She said she was leaving me.” No. No. No! “Did you believe her?” “At first, yes.” “Darling, you always believe the worst of everyone, including yourself. You always have. Ana loves you very much, and it’s obvious you love her.” “She was mad at me.” “I’m sure she was. I’m pretty mad at you right now. I think you can only be truly mad at someone you really love.” “I thought about it, and she’s shown me over and over how much she loves me . . . to the point of putting her own life in danger.” “Yes, she has. Oh, Mom, why won’t she wake up?” His voice cracks. “I nearly lost her.” Christian! There are muffled sobs. No . . . Oh . . . the darkness closes in. No— “It’s taken twenty-four years for you to let me hold you like this . . ” “I know, Mom . . . I’m glad we talked.” “Me too, darling. I’m always here. I can’t believe I’m going to be a grandmother.” Grandma! Sweet oblivion beckons. Hmm. His stubble softly scrapes the back of my hand as he squeezes my fingers.
“Oh, baby, please come back to me. I’m sorry. Sorry for everything. Just wake up. I miss you. I love you . . .” I try. I try. I want to see him. But my body disobeys me, and I fall asleep once more. I have a pressing need to pee. I open my eyes. I’m in the clean, sterile environment of a hospital room. It’s dark except for a sidelight, and all is quiet. My head and my chest aches, but more than that, my bladder is bursting. I need to pee. I test my limbs. My right arm smarts, and I notice the IV attached to it on the inside of my elbow. I shut my eyes quickly. Turning my head—I’m pleased that it responds to my will—I open my eyes again. Christian is asleep, sitting beside me and leaning on my bed with his head on his folded arms. I reach out, grateful once more that my body responds, and run my fingers through his soft hair. He’s startled awake, raising his head so suddenly my hand falls weakly back onto the bed. “Hi,” I croak. “Oh, Ana.” His voice is choked and relieved. He grasps my hand, squeezing it tightly and holding it up against his rough, stubbled cheek. “I need to use the bathroom,” I whisper. He gapes then frowns at me for a moment. “Okay.” I struggle to sit up. “Ana, stay still. I’ll call a nurse.” He quickly stands, alarmed, and reaches for a buzzer on the bedside. “Please,” I whisper. Why do I ache everywhere? “I need to get up.” Jeez, I feel so weak. “Will you do as you’re told for once?” he snaps, exasperated. “I really need to pee,” I rasp. My throat and mouth are so dry. A nurse bustles into the room. She must be in her fifties, though her hair is jet black. She wears overlarge pearl earrings. “Mrs. Grey welcome back. I’ll let Dr. Bartley know you’re awake.” She makes her way to my bedside. “My name is Nora. Do you know where you are?” “Yes. Hospital. I need to pee.”
“You have a catheter.” What? Oh this is gross. I glance anxiously at Christian then back to the nurse. “Please. I want to get up.” “Mrs. Grey.” “Please.” “Ana,” Christian warns. I struggle to sit up once more. “Let me remove your catheter. Mr. Grey I am sure Mrs. Grey would like some privacy.” She looks pointedly at Christian, dismissing him. “I’m not going anywhere.” He glares back at her. “Christian, please,” I whisper, reaching out and grasping his hand. Briefly he squeezes my hand then gives me an exasperated look. “Please,” I beg. “Fine!” he snaps and runs his hand through his hair. “You have two minutes,” he hisses at the nurse, and he leans down and kisses my forehead before turning on his heel and leaving the room. Christian bursts back into the room two minutes later as Nurse Nora is helping me out of bed. I’m dressed in a thin hospital gown. I don’t remember being stripped. “Let me take her,” he says and strides toward us. “Mr. Grey, I can manage.” Nurse Nora scolds him. He gives her a hostile glare. “Dammit, she’s my wife. I’ll take her.” He says through gritted teeth as he moves the IV stand out of his way. “Mr. Grey!” she protests. He ignores her, leans down, and gently, he lifts me off the bed. I wrap my arms around his neck, my body complaining. Jeez, I ache everywhere. He carries me to the en suite bathroom while Nurse Nora follows us, pushing the IV stand. “Mrs. Grey, you’re too light,” he mutters disapprovingly as he sets me gently on my feet. I sway. My legs feel like Jell-O. Christian flips the light switch, and I’m momentarily blinded by the fluorescent lamp that pings and flickers to life. “Sit before you fall,” he snaps, still holding me.
Tentatively, I sit down on the toilet. “Go.” I try to wave him out. “No. Just pee, Ana.” Could this be any more embarrassing? “I can’t, not with you here.” “You might fall.” “Mr. Grey!” We both ignore the nurse. “Please,” I beg. He raises his hands in defeat. “I’ll stand outside, door open.” He takes a couple of paces back until he’s standing just outside the door with the angry nurse. “Turn around, please,” I ask. Why do I feel so ridiculously shy with this man? He rolls his eyes but complies. And when his back is turned . . . I let go, and savor the relief. I take stock of my injuries. My head hurts, my chest aches where Jack kicked me, and my side throbs where he pushed me to the ground. Plus I’m thirsty and hungry. Jeez, really hungry. I finish up, thankful that I don’t have to get up to wash my hands, as the sink is close. I just don’t have the strength to stand. “I’m done,” I call, drying my hands on the towel. Christian turns and comes back in and before I know it, I’m in his arms again. I have missed these arms. He pauses and buries his nose in my hair. “Oh, I’ve missed you, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers, and with Nurse Nora fussing behind him, he lays me back on the bed and releases me—reluctantly, I think. “If you’ve quite finished, Mr. Grey, I’d like to check over Mrs. Grey now.” Nurse Nora is mad. He stands back. “She’s all yours,” he says in a more measured tone. She huffs at him then turns her attention back to me. Exasperating isn’t he? “How do you feel?” she asks me her voice laced with sympathy and a trace of irritation, which I suspect is for Christian’s benefit. “Sore, and thirsty. Very thirsty,” I whisper.
“I’ll fetch you some water once I’ve checked your vitals and Dr. Bartley has examined you.” She reaches for a blood pressure cuff and wraps it around my upper arm. I glance anxiously up at Christian. He looks dreadful—haunted, even—as if he hasn’t slept for days. His hair is a mess, he hasn’t shaved for a long time, and his shirt is badly wrinkled. I frown. “How are you feeling?” Ignoring the nurse, he sits down on the bed out of arm’s reach. “Confused. Achy. Hungry.” “Hungry?” He blinks in surprise. I nod. “What do you want to eat?” “Anything. Soup.” “Mr. Grey, you’ll need to the doctor’s approval before Mrs. Grey can eat.” He gazes at her impassively for a moment then takes his BlackBerry out of his pants pocket and presses a number. “Ana wants chicken soup . . . Good . . . Thank you.” He hangs up. I glance at Nora whose eyes narrow at Christian. “Taylor?” I ask quickly. Christian nods. “Your blood pressure is normal, Mrs. Grey. I’ll fetch the doctor.” She removes the cuff and, without so much as another word, stalks out of the room, radiating disapproval. “I think you made Nurse Nora mad.” “I have that effect on women.” He smirks. I laugh, then stop suddenly as pain radiates through my chest. “Yes, you do.” “Oh Ana, I love to hear you laugh.” Nora returns with a pitcher of water. We both fall silent, gazing at each other as she pours out a glass and hands it to me.
“Small sips now,” she warns. “Yes, ma’am,” I mutter and take a welcome sip of cool water. Oh my. It tastes perfect. I take another, and Christian watches me intently. “Mia?” I ask. “She’s safe. Thanks to you.” “They did have her?” “Yes.” All the madness was for a reason. Relief spirals through my body . Thank God, thank God, thank God she’s okay. I frown. “How did they get her?” “Elizabeth Morgan,” he says simply. “No!” He nods. “She picked her up at Mia’s gym.” I frown, still not understanding. “Ana, I’ll fill you in on the details later. Mia is fine, all things considered. She was drugged. She’s groggy now and shaken up, but by some miracle she wasn’t harmed.” Christian’s jaw clenches. “What you did”—he runs his hand through his hair—“was incredibly brave and incredibly stupid. You could have been killed.” His eyes blaze a bleak, chilling gray, and I know he’s restraining his anger. “I didn’t know what else to do,” I whisper. “You could have told me!” he says vehemently, fisting his hands in his lap. “He said he’d kill her if I told anyone. I couldn’t take that risk.” Christian closes his eyes, dread etched in his face. “I have died a thousand deaths since Thursday.” Thursday? “What day is it?”
“It’s almost Saturday,” he says, checking his watch. “You’ve been unconscious for over twenty-four hours.” Oh. “And Jack and Elizabeth?” “In police custody. Although Hyde is here under guard. They had to remove the bullet you left in him,” Christian says bitterly. “I don’t know where in this hospital he is, fortunately, or I’d probably kill him myself.” His face darkens. Oh shit. Jack is here? “That’s for SIP you fucking bitch!” I pale. My empty stomach convulses, tears prick my eyes, and a deep shudder runs through me. “Hey.” Christian scoots forward, his voice filled with concern. Taking the glass from my hand, he tenderly folds me into his arms. “You’re safe now,” he murmurs against my hair, his voice hoarse. “Christian, I’m so sorry.” My tears start to fall. “Hush.” He strokes my hair, and I weep into his neck. “What I said. I was never going to leave you.” “Hush, baby, I know.” “You do?” His admission halts my tears. “I worked it out. Eventually. Honestly, Ana, what were you thinking?” His tone is strained. “You took me by surprise,” I mutter into his shirt collar. “When we spoke at the bank. Thinking I was leaving you. I thought you knew me better. I’ve said to you over and over I would never leave.” “But after the appalling way I’ve behaved—” His voice is barely audible, and his arms tighten around me. “I thought for a short time that I’d lost you.” “No, Christian. Never. I didn’t want you to interfere, and put Mia’s life in danger.” He sighs, and I don’t know if it’s from anger, exasperation, or hurt.
“How did you work it out?” I ask quickly to distract him from his line of thought. Reaching up, he tucks my hair behind my ear. “I’d just touched down in Seattle when the bank called. Last I’d heard, you were ill and going home.” “So you were in Portland when Sawyer called you from the car?” “We were just about to take off. I was worried about you,” he says softly. “You were?” He frowns. “Of course I was.” He skirts his thumb over my bottom lip. “I spend my life worrying about you. You know that.” Oh, Christian! “Jack called me at the office,” I murmur. “He gave me two hours to get the money.” I shrug. “I had to leave, and it just seemed the best excuse.” Christian’s mouth presses into a hard line. “And you gave Sawyer the slip. He’s mad at you, as well.” “As well?” “As well as me.” I reach up and tentatively touch his face, running my fingers over his stubble. He closes his eyes, leaning into my fingers. “Don’t be mad at me. Please,” I whisper. “I am so mad at you. What you did was monumentally stupid. Bordering on insane.” “I told you, I didn’t know what else to do.” “You don’t seem to have any regard for your personal safety. And it’s not just you now,” he adds angrily. My lip trembles. He’s thinking about our Little Blip. The door opens, startling us both, and a young African-American woman in a white coat over gray scrubs strides in. “Good evening, Mrs. Grey. I’m Dr. Bartley.” She starts to examine me thoroughly, shining a light in my eyes, making me touch her fingers, then my nose while closing first one eye and then the other, and checking all my reflexes. But her voice is soft and her touch gentle; she has a warm bedside manner. Nurse Nora joins her, and Christian wanders to the corner of the room and makes some calls while the two of them tend to me. It’s hard to concentrate
on Dr. Bartley, Nurse Nora, and Christian at the same time, but I hear him call his father, my mother, and Kate to say I’m awake. Finally, he leaves a message for Ray. Ray. Oh shit . . . A vague memory of his voice comes back to me. He was here—yes, while I was still unconscious. Dr. Bartley checks my ribs, her fingers probing gently but firmly. I wince. “These are bruised, not cracked or broken. You were very lucky, Mrs. Grey.” I scowl. Lucky? Not the word I would have chosen. Christian glowers at her, too. He mouths something at me. I think it’s foolhardy, but I’m not sure. “I’ll prescribe some painkillers. You’ll need them for this and for the headache you must have. But all’s looking as it should, Mrs. Grey. I suggest you get some sleep. Depending on how you feel in the morning, we may let you go home. My colleague Dr. Singh will be attending you then.” “Thank you.” There’s a knock on the door, and Taylor enters bearing a black cardboard box with Fairmont Olympic emblazoned in cream on the side. Holy cow! “Food?” Dr. Bartley says surprised. “Mrs. Grey is hungry,” Christian says. “This is chicken soup.” Dr. Bartley smiles. “Soup will be fine, just the broth. Nothing heavy.” She looks pointedly at both of us then exits the room with Nurse Nora. Christian pulls the wheeled tray over to me, and Taylor places the box on it. “Welcome back, Mrs. Grey.” “Hello, Taylor. Thank you.” “You’re most welcome, ma’am.” I think he wants to say more, but he holds off. Christian is unpacking the box, producing a thermos, soup bowl, side plate, linen napkin, soupspoon, a small basket of bread rolls, silver salt and pepper shakers . . . The Olympic has gone all-out. “This is great, Taylor.” My stomach is rumbling. I am famished.
“Will that be all?” he asks. “Yes, thanks,” Christian says, dismissing him. Taylor nods. “Taylor, thank you.” “Anything else I can get you, Mrs. Grey?” I glance at Christian. “Just some clean clothes for Christian.” Taylor smiles. “Yes, ma’am.” Christian glances down at his shirt, bemused. “How long have you been wearing that shirt?” I ask. “Since Thursday morning.” He gives me a crooked smile. Taylor exits. “Taylor’s real pissed at you, too,” Christian adds grumpily, unscrewing the lid of the thermos and pouring creamy chicken soup into the bowl. Taylor, too! But I don’t dwell on that as my chicken soup distracts me. It smells delicious, and steam curls invitingly from its surface. I take a taste and it’s everything it promised to be. “Good?” Christian asks, perching on the bed again. I nod enthusiastically and don’t stop. My hunger is primal. I pause only to wipe my mouth on the linen napkin. “Tell me what happened—after you realized what was going on.” Christian runs his hand through his hair and shakes his head. “Oh, Ana, it’s good to see you eat.” “I’m hungry. Tell me.” He frowns. “Well, after the bank called and I thought my world had completely fallen apart—” He can’t hide the pain in his voice. I stop eating . Oh shit. “Don’t stop eating, or I’ll stop talking,” he whispers, his tone adamant as he glares at me. I continue with my soup. Okay, okay . . . Damn, it tastes good. Christian’s gaze softens and after a beat, he resumes.
“Anyway, shortly after you and I had finished our conversation, Taylor informed me that Hyde had been granted bail. How, I don’t know, I thought we’d managed to thwart any attempts at bail. But that gave me a moment to think about what you’d said . . . and I knew something was seriously wrong.” “It was never about the money,” I snap suddenly, an unexpected surge of anger flaring in my belly. My voice rises. “How could you even think that? It’s never been about your fucking money!” My head starts to pound and I wince. Christian gapes at me for a split second, surprised by my vehemence. He narrows his eyes. “Mind your language,” he growls. “Calm down and eat.” I glare mutinously at him. “Ana,” he warns. “That hurt me more than anything, Christian,” I whisper. “Almost as much as you seeing that woman.” He inhales sharply as if I’ve slapped him and all of a sudden, he looks exhausted. Closing his eyes briefly, he shakes his head, resigned. “I know.” He sighs. “And I’m sorry. More than you know.” His eyes are luminous with contrition. “Please, eat. While your soup is still hot.” His voice is soft and compelling, and I do as he asks. He breathes a sigh of relief. “Go on,” I whisper, between bites of the illicit fresh white bread roll. “We didn’t know Mia was missing. I thought maybe he was blackmailing you or something. I called you back, but you didn’t answer.” He scowls. “I left you a message then called Sawyer. Taylor started tracking your cell. I knew you were at the bank, so we headed straight there.” “I don’t know how Sawyer found me. Was he tracking my cell, too?” “The Saab is fitted with a tracking device. All our cars are. By the time we got near the bank, you were already on the move, and we followed. Why are you smiling?” “On some level I knew you’d be stalking me.” “And that is amusing because?” he asks. “Jack had instructed me to get rid of my cell. So I borrowed Whelan’s cell, and that’s the one I threw away. I put mine into one of the duffle bags so you could track your money.”
Christian sighs. “Our money, Ana,” he says quietly. “Eat.” I wipe my soup bowl with the last of my bread and pop it into my mouth. For the first time in a long while, I feel replete in spite of our conversation. “Finished.” “Good girl.” There’s a knock on the door and Nurse Nora enters once more, carrying a small paper cup. Christian clears away my plate, and starts putting all the items back into the box. “Pain relief.” Nora smiles, showing me the white pill in the paper cup. “Is this okay to take? You know—with the baby?” “Yes, Mrs. Grey. It’s Lortab—it’s fine; it won’t affect the baby.” I nod gratefully. My head is pounding. I swallow it down with a sip of water. “You ought to rest, Mrs. Grey.” Nurse Nora looks pointedly at Christian. He nods. No! “You’re going?” I exclaim, panic setting in. Don’t go—we’ve just started talking! Christian snorts. “If you think for one moment I’m going to let you out of my sight, Mrs. Grey, you are very much mistaken.” Nora huffs but hovers over me and readjusts my pillows so that I have to lie down. “Goodnight, Mrs. Grey,” she says, and with one last censorious glance at Christian, she leaves. He raises an eyebrow as she closes the door. “I don’t think Nurse Nora approves of me.” He stands by the bed, looking tired, and in spite of the fact that I want him to stay, I know I should try to persuade him to go home. “You need rest, too, Christian. Go home. You look exhausted.” “I’m not leaving you. I’ll doze in this armchair.” I scowl at him then shift onto my side.
“Sleep with me.” He frowns. “No. I can’t.” “Why not?” “I don’t want to hurt you.” “You won’t hurt me. Please, Christian.” “You have an IV.” “Christian. Please.” He gazes at me, and I can tell he’s tempted. “Please.” I lift up the blankets, inviting him into the bed. “Fuck it.” He slips off his shoes and socks, and gingerly climbs in beside me. Gently, he wraps his arm around me, and I lay my head on his chest. He kisses my hair. “I don’t think Nurse Nora will be very happy with this arrangement,” he whispers conspiratorially. I giggle, then stop as pain lances through my chest. “Don’t make me laugh. It hurts.” “Oh, but I love that sound,” he says a little sadly, his voice low. “I’m sorry, baby, so, so sorry.” He kisses my hair again and inhales deeply, and I don’t know what he’s apologizing for . . . making me laugh? Or the mess we’re in? I rest my hand over his heart, and he gently places his hand on mine. We are both silent for a moment. “Why did you go see that woman?” “Oh, Ana.” He groans. “You want to discuss that now? Can’t we drop this? I regret it, okay?” “I need to know.” “I’ll tell you tomorrow,” he mutters, irritated. “Oh, and Detective Clark wants to talk to you. Just routine. Now go to sleep.” He kisses my hair. I sigh heavily. I need to know why. At least he says he regrets it. That’s something, my subconscious agrees. She’s in an agreeable mood today, it seems. Ugh, Detective Clark. I shudder at the thought of reliving Thursday’s events for him.
“Do we know why Jack was doing all this?” “Hmm,” Christian murmurs. I’m soothed by the slow rise and fall of his chest, gently rocking my head, lulling me to sleep as his breathing slows. And as I drift I try to make sense of the fragments of conversations I heard while I was on the edge of consciousness, but they slither through my mind, remaining steadfastly elusive, taunting me from the edges of my memory. Oh, it’s frustrating and exhausting . . . and . . . Nurse Nora’s mouth is pursed and her arms folded in hostility. I hold my finger up to my lips. “Please let him sleep,” I whisper, squinting in the early morning light. “This is your bed. Not his,” she hisses sternly. “I slept better because he was here.” I insist, rushing to my husband’s defense. Besides, it’s true. Christian stirs, and Nurse Nora and I freeze. He mumbles in his sleep, “Don’t touch me. No more. Only Ana.” I frown. I have rarely heard Christian talk in his sleep. Admittedly, that might be because he sleeps less than I do. I’ve only ever heard his nightmares. His arms tighten around me, squeezing me, and I wince. “Mrs. Grey—” Nurse Nora glowers. “Please,” I beg. She shakes her head, turns on her heel and leaves, and I snuggle up against Christian again. When I wake, Christian is nowhere to be seen. The sun is blazing through the windows, and I can now really appreciate the room. I have flowers! I didn’t notice them the night before. Several bouquets. I wonder idly who they’re from. A soft knock distracts me, and Carrick peeks around the door. He beams when he sees that I’m awake. “May I come in?” he asks. “Of course.” He strides into the room and over to me, his soft, gentle blue eyes assessing me shrewdly. He’s wearing a dark suit—he must be working. He surprises me by leaning down and kissing my forehead.
“May I sit?” I nod, and he perches on the edge of the bed and takes my hand. “I don’t know how to thank you for my daughter, you crazy, brave, darling girl. What you did probably saved her life. I will be forever in your debt.” His voice wavers, filled with gratitude and compassion. Oh . . . I don’t know what to say. I squeeze his hand but remain mute. “How are you feeling?” “Better. Sore.” I add, for honesty’s sake. “Have they given you meds for the pain?” “Lor . . . something.” “Good. Where’s Christian?” “I don’t know. When I woke up, he was gone.” “He won’t be far away, I’m sure. He wouldn’t leave you while you were unconscious.” “I know.” “He’s a little mad at you, as he should be.” Carrick smirks. Ah, this is where Christian gets it from. “Christian is always mad at me.” “Is he?” Carrick smiles, pleased—as if this is a good thing. His smile is infectious. “How’s Mia?” His eyes cloud and his smile vanishes. “She’s better. Mad as hell. I think anger is a healthy reaction to what happened to her.” “Is she here?” “No, she’s back at home. I don’t think Grace will let her out of her sight.” “I know how that feels.” “You need watching, too,” he admonishes. “I don’t want you taking anymore silly risks with your life or the life of my grandchild.”
I flush. He knows! “Grace read your chart. She told me. Congratulations.” “Um . . . thank you.” He gazes down at me, and his eyes soften, though he frowns at my expression. “Christian will come around,” he says gently. “This will be the best thing for him. Just . . . give him some time.” I nod . Oh . . . They’ve spoken. “I’d better go. I’m due in court.” He smiles and rises. “I’ll check in on you later. Grace speaks highly of Dr. Singh and Dr. Bartley. They know what they’re doing.” He leans down and kisses me once more. “I mean it, Ana. I can never repay what you’ve done for us. Thank you.” I look up at him, blinking back tears, suddenly overwhelmed, and he strokes my cheek affectionately. Then he turns on his heels and leaves. Oh my. I’m reeling from his gratitude. Perhaps now I can let the prenup debacle go. My subconscious nods sagely, in agreement with me yet again. I shake my head and gingerly get out of bed. I’m relieved to find that I am much steadier on my feet than yesterday. In spite of Christian sharing the bed, I have slept well and feel refreshed. My head still aches, but it’s a dull nagging pain, nothing like the pounding yesterday. I’m stiff and sore, but I just need a bath. I feel grimy. I head into the en suite. “Ana! ” Christian shouts. “I’m in the bathroom,” I call as I finish brushing my teeth. That feels better. I ignore my reflection in the mirror. Jeez, I look a mess. When I open the door, Christian is by the bed, holding a tray of food. He’s transformed. Dressed entirely in black, he’s shaved, showered, and looks well rested. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey,” he says brightly. “I have your breakfast.” He looks so boyish and much happier. Wow. I smile broadly at him as I climb back into bed. He pulls over the tray on wheels and lifts the cover to reveal my breakfast: oatmeal with dried fruits, pancakes with bacon and maple syrup, orange juice and Twinings breakfast tea. My mouth waters; I’m so hungry. I down the orange juice in a few gulps and dig into the oatmeal. Christian sits down on the edge of the bed to watch. He smirks at me.
“What?” I ask with my mouth full. “I like to watch you eat,” he says. But I don’t think that’s what he’s smirking about. “How are you feeling?” “Better,” I mutter between mouthfuls. “I’ve never seen you eat like this.” I glance up at him, and my heart sinks. We have to address the very tiny elephant in the room. “It’s because I’m pregnant, Christian.” He snorts, and his mouth twists into an ironic smile. “If I knew getting you knocked up was going to make you eat, I might have done it earlier.” “Christian Grey!” I gasp and set the oatmeal down. “Don’t stop eating,” he warns. “Christian, we need to talk about this.” He stills. “What’s there to say? We’re going to be parents.” He shrugs, desperately trying to look nonchalant, but all I can see is his fear. Pushing the tray aside, I crawl down the bed to him and take his hands in mine. “You’re scared,” I whisper. “I get it.” He gazes at me, impassive, his eyes wide and all his earlier boyishness stripped away. “I am, too. That’s normal,” I whisper. “What kind of father could I possibly be?” His voice is hoarse, barely audible. “Oh, Christian.” I stifle a sob. “One that tries his best. That’s all any of us can do.” “Ana—I don’t know if I can . . .” “Of course you can. You’re loving, you’re fun, you’re strong, you’ll set boundaries. Our child will want for nothing.” He’s frozen, staring at me, doubt etched on his beautiful face. I continue. “Yes, it would have been ideal to have waited. To have longer, just the two of us. But we’ll be three of us, and we’ll all grow up
together. We’ll be a family. Our own family. And your child will love you unconditionally, like I do.” Tears spring to my eyes. “Oh, Ana,” Christian whispers, his voice anguished and pained. “I thought I’d lost you. Then I thought I’d lost you again. Seeing you lying on the ground, pale and cold and unconscious—it was all my worst fears realized. And now here you are—brave and strong . . . giving me hope. Loving me after all that I’ve done.” “Yes, I do love you, Christian, desperately. I always will.” Gently taking my head between his hands, he wipes my tears away with his thumbs. He gazes into my eyes, gray to blue, and all I see is his fear and wonder and love. “I love you, too,” he breathes. And he bends and kisses me sweetly, tenderly like a man who adores his wife. “I’ll try to be a good father,” he whispers against my lips. “You’ll try, and you’ll succeed. And let’s face it; you don’t have much choice in the matter, because Blip and I are not going anywhere.” “Blip?” “Blip.” He raises his eyebrows. “I had the name Junior in my head.” “Junior it is, then.” “But I like Blip.” He smiles his shy smile and kisses me once more. Chapter Twenty-four “Much as I’d like to kiss you all day, your breakfast is getting cold,” Christian murmurs against my lips. He gazes down at me, now amused, except his eyes are darker, sensual. Holy cow, he’s switched again. My Mr. Mercurial. “Eat,” he orders, his voice soft. I swallow, a reaction to his smoldering look, and crawl back into bed, avoiding snagging my IV
line. He pushes the tray in front of me. The oatmeal is cold, but the pancakes under the cover are fine— in fact, they’re mouthwatering. “You know,” I mutter between mouthfuls, “Blip might be a girl.” Christian runs his hand through his hair. “Two women, eh?” Alarm flashes across his face, and his dark look vanishes. Oh crap. “Do you have a preference?” “Preference?” “Boy or girl.” He frowns. “Healthy will do,” he says quietly clearly disconcerted by the question. “Eat,” he snaps, and I know he’s trying to avoid the subject. “I’m eating, I’m eating . . . Jeez, keep your hair on, Grey.” I watch him carefully. The corners of his eyes are crinkled with worry. He’s said he’ll try, but I know he’s still freaked out by the baby. Oh, Christian, so am I. He sits down in the armchair beside me, picking up the Seattle Times. “You made the papers again, Mrs. Grey.” His is tone bitter. “Again?” “The hacks are just rehashing yesterday’s story, but it seems factually accurate. You want to read it?” I shake my head. “Read it to me. I’m eating.” He smirks and proceeds to read the article aloud. It’s a report on Jack and Elizabeth, depicting them as a modern-day Bonnie and Clyde. It briefly covers Mia’s kidnap, my involvement in Mia’s rescue, and the fact that both Jack and I are in the same hospital. How does the press get all this information? I must ask Kate. Christian finishes. “Please read something else. I like listening to you.” He obliges and reads me a report about a booming bagel business and the fact that Boeing has had to cancel the launch of some plane. Christian frowns as he reads. But listening to his soothing voice as I eat, secure in the knowledge that I am fine, Mia is safe and my Little Blip is safe, I feel a precious moment of peace in spite of all that has happened over the last few days. I understand that Christian is scared about the baby, but I don’t understand the depth of his fear. I resolve to talk to him some more about this. See if I can put his mind at ease. What puzzles me is that he
hasn’t lacked for positive role models as parents. Both Grace and Carrick are exemplary parents, or so they seem. Maybe it was the Bitch Troll’s interference that damaged him so badly. I’d like to think so. But in truth I think it goes back to his birth mom, though I’m sure Mrs. Robinson didn’t help. I halt my thoughts as I nearly recall a whispered conversation. Damn! It hovers on the edge of my memory from when I was unconscious. Christian talking with Grace. It melts away into the shadows of my mind. Oh, it’s so frustrating. I wonder if Christian will ever volunteer the reason he went to see her or if I’ll have to push him. I’m about to ask when there’s a knock on the door. Detective Clark makes an apologetic entry into the room. He’s right to be apologetic—my heart sinks when I see him. “Mr. Grey, Mrs. Grey. Am I interrupting?” “Yes,” snaps Christian. Clark ignores him. “Glad to see you’re awake, Mrs. Grey. I need to ask you a few questions about Thursday afternoon. Just routine. Is now a convenient time?” “Sure,” I mumble, but I do not want to relive Thursday’s events. “My wife should be resting.” Christian bristles. “I’ll be brief, Mr. Grey. And it means I’ll be out of your hair sooner rather than later.” Christian stands and offers Clark his chair, then sits down beside me on the bed and takes my hand, squeezing it reassuringly. Half an hour later, Clark is done. I’ve learned nothing new, but I have recounted the events of Thursday to him in a halting, quiet voice, watching Christian go pale and grimace at some parts. “I wish you’d aimed higher,” Christian mutters. “Might have done womankind a service if Mrs. Grey had.” Clark agrees. What? “Thank you, Mrs. Grey. That’s all for now.” “You won’t let him out again, will you?” “I don’t think he’ll make bail this time, ma’am.” “Do we know who posted his bail?” Christian asks.
“No sir. It was anonymous.” Christian frowns, but I think he has his suspicions. Clark rises to leave just as Dr. Singh and two interns enter the room. After a thorough examination, Dr. Singh declares me fit to go home. Christian sags with relief. “Mrs. Grey, you’ll have to watch for worsening headaches and blurry vision. If that occurs you must return to the hospital immediately.” I nod, trying to contain my delight at going home. As Dr. Singh leaves, Christian asks her for a quick word in the corridor. He keeps the door ajar as he asks her a question. She smiles. “Yes, Mr. Grey, that’s fine.” He grins and returns to the room a happier man. “What was all that about?” “Sex,” he says, flashing a wicked grin. Oh. I blush. “And?” “You’re good to go.” He smirks. Oh, Christian! “I have a headache.” I smirk right back. “I know. You’ll be off limits for a while. I was just checking.” Off limits? I frown at the momentary stab of disappointment I feel. I’m not sure I want to be off limits. Nurse Nora joins us to remove my IV. She glares at Christian. I think she’s one of the few women I’ve met who is oblivious to his charms. I thank her when she leaves with my IV stand. “Shall I take you home?” Christian asks. “I’d like to see Ray first.”
“Sure.” “Does he know about the baby?” “I thought you’d want to be the one to tell him. I haven’t told your mom either.” “Thank you.” I smile, grateful that he hasn’t stolen my thunder. “My mom knows,” Christian adds. “She saw your chart. I told my dad but no one else. Mom said couples normally wait for twelve weeks or so . . . to be sure.” He shrugs. “I’m not sure I’m ready to tell Ray.” “I should warn you, he’s mad as hell. Said I should spank you.” What? Christian laughs at my appalled expression. “I told him I’d be only too willing to oblige.” “You didn’t!” I gasp, though a memory of a whispered conversation while I was unconscious tantalizes me. Yes, Ray was here while I was laid out . . . He winks at me. “Here, Taylor brought you some clean clothes. I’ll help you dress.” As Christian predicted, Ray is furious. I don’t ever remember him being this mad. Christian has wisely decided to leave us alone together. For such a taciturn man, Ray fills his hospital room with his invective, berating me for my irresponsible behavior. I am twelve years old again. Oh, Dad, please calm down. Your blood pressure is not up to this. “And I’ve had to deal with your mother,” he grumbles, waving both of his hands in exasperation. “Dad, I’m sorry.” “And poor Christian! I’ve never seen him like that. He’s aged. We’ve both aged years over the last couple of days.” “Ray, I’m sorry.” “Your mother is waiting for your call,” he says in a more measured tone. I lean over and kiss his cheek, and finally he relents from his tirade. “I’ll call her. I really am sorry. But thank you for teaching me to shoot.”
For a moment, he regards me with ill-concealed paternal pride. “I’m glad you can shoot straight,” he says, his voice gruff. “Now go on home and get some rest.” “You look well, Dad.” I try to change the subject. “You look pale.” His fear is suddenly evident. His look mirrors Christian’s from last night, and I grasp his hand. “I’m okay. I promise I won’t do anything like that again.” He squeezes my hand and pulls me into a hug. “If anything happened to you,” he whispers, his voice hoarse and low. Tears prick my eyes. I am not used to displays of emotion from my stepfather. “Dad, I’m good. Nothing that a hot shower won’t cure.” We leave through the rear exit of the hospital to avoid the paparazzi gathered at the entrance. Taylor leads us to the waiting in the SUV. Christian is quiet as Sawyer drives us home. I avoid Sawyer’s gaze in the rearview mirror, embarrassed that the last time I saw him was at the bank when I gave him the slip. I call my mom, who sobs down the phone. It takes most of the journey home to calm her down, but I succeed by promising that we’ll visit soon. Throughout my conversation with her, Christian holds my hand, brushing his thumb across my knuckles. He’s nervous . . . something’s happened. “What’s wrong?” I ask when I’m finally free from my mother. “Welch wants to see me.” “Welch? Why?” “He’s found something out about that fucker Hyde.” Christian’s lip curls into a snarl, and a frisson of fear passes through me. “He didn’t want to tell me on the phone.” “Oh.” “He’s coming here this afternoon from Detroit.” “You think he’s found a connection?” Christian nods. “What do you think it is?” “I have no idea.” Christian’s brow furrows, perplexed.
Taylor pulls into the garage at Escala and stops by the elevator to let us out before he parks. In the garage, we can avoid the attention of the waiting photographers. Christian ushers me out of the car. Keeping his arm around my waist, he leads me to the waiting elevator. “Glad to be home?” he asks. “Yes,” I whisper. But as I stand in the familiar surroundings of the elevator, the enormity of what I’ve been through crashes over me, and I start to shake. “Hey—” Christian wraps his arms around me and pulls me close. “You’re home. You’re safe,” he says, kissing my hair. “Oh, Christian.” A dam I didn’t even know was in place bursts, and I start to sob. “Hush now,” Christian whispers, cradling my head against his chest. But it’s too late. I weep, overwhelmed, into his T-shirt, recalling Jack’s vicious attack— “That’s for SIP, you fucking bitch!”— telling Christian I was leaving— “You’re leaving me?”— and my fear, my gutwrenching fear for Mia, for myself, and for Blip. When the doors of the elevator slide open, Christian picks me up like a child and carries me into the foyer. I wrap my arms around his neck and cling to him, keening quietly. He carries me through to our bathroom and gently settles me on the chair. “Bath?” he asks. I shake my head. No . . . no . . . not like Leila. “Shower?” His voice is choked with concern. Through my tears, I nod. I want to wash away the grime of the last few days, wash away the memory of Jack’s attack. “You gold digging whore.” I sob into my hands as the sound of the water cascading from the shower echoes off the walls. “Hey,” Christian croons. Kneeling in front of me, he pulls my hands away from my tear-stained cheeks and cups my face in his hands. I gaze at him, blinking away my tears. “You’re safe. You both are,” he whispers. Blip and me. My eyes brim with tears again. “Stop, now. I can’t bear it when you cry.” His voice is hoarse. His thumbs wipe my cheeks, but my tears still flow. “I’m sorry, Christian. Just sorry for everything. For making you worry, for risking everything—for the things I said.”
“Hush, baby, please.” He kisses my forehead. “I’m sorry. It takes two to tango, Ana.” He gives me a crooked smile. “Well, that’s what my mom always says. I said things and did things I’m not proud of.” His gray eyes are bleak but penitent. “Let’s get you undressed.” His voice is soft. I wipe my nose with the back of my hand, and he kisses my forehead once more. Briskly he strips me, taking particular care as he pulls my T-shirt over my head. But my head is not too sore. Leading me to the shower, he peels off his own clothing in record time before stepping into the welcome hot water with me. He pulls me into his arms and holds me, holds me for the longest time, as the water gushes over us, soothing us both. He lets me cry into his chest. Occasionally he kisses my hair, but he doesn’t let go, he just rocks me gently beneath the warm water. To feel his skin against mine, his chest hair against my cheek . . . this man I love, this self-doubting, beautiful man, the man I could have lost through my own recklessness. I feel empty and aching at the thought but grateful that he’s here, still here—despite everything that’s happened. He has some explaining to do, but right now I want to revel in the feel of his comforting, protective arms around me. And in that moment it occurs to me; any explanations on his part have to come from him. I can’t force him—he’s got to want to tell me. I won’t be cast as the nagging wife, constantly trying to wheedle information out of her husband. It’s just exhausting. I know he loves me. I know he loves me more than he’s ever loved anyone, and for now, that’s enough. The realization is liberating. I stop crying and step back. “Better?” he asks. I nod. “Good. Let me look at you,” he says, and for a moment I don’t know what he means. But he takes my hand and examines the arm I fell on when Jack hit me. There are bruises on my shoulder and scrapes at my elbow and wrist. He kisses each of them. He grabs a washcloth and shower gel from the rack, and the sweet familiar scent of jasmine fills my nostrils. “Turn around.” Gently, he proceeds to wash my injured arm, then my neck, my shoulders, my back, and my other arm. He turns me sideways, and traces his long fingers down my side. I wince as they skate over the large bruise at my hip. Christian’s eyes harden and his lips thin. His anger is palpable as he whistles through his teeth. “It doesn’t hurt,” I murmur to reassure him.
Blazing gray eyes meet mine. “I want to kill him,” he whispers. “I nearly did,” he adds cryptically. I frown then shiver at his bleak expression. He squirts more shower gel on the washcloth and with tender, aching gentleness, he washes my side and my behind, then, kneeling, moves down my legs. He pauses to examine my bruised knee. He lips brush over the bruise before he returns to washing my legs and my feet. Reaching down, I caress his head, running my fingers through his wet hair. He stands, and his fingers trace the outline of the bruise on my ribs where Jack kicked me. “Oh, baby,” he groans, his voice filled with anguish, his eyes dark with fury. “I’m okay.” I pull his head down to mine and kiss his lips. He’s hesitant to reciprocate, but as my tongue meets his, his body stirs against me. “No,” he whispers against my lips, and he pulls back. “Let’s get you clean.” His face is serious. Damn . . . He means it. I pout, and the atmosphere between us lightens in an instant. He grins and kisses me briefly. “Clean,” he emphasizes. “Not dirty.” “I like dirty.” “Me, too, Mrs. Grey. But not now, not here.” He grabs the shampoo, and before I can persuade him otherwise, he’s washing my hair. I love clean, too. I feel refreshed and reinvigorated, and I don’t know if it’s from the shower, the crying, or my decision to stop hassling Christian about everything. He wraps me in a large towel and drapes one around his hips while I gingerly dry my hair. My head aches, but it’s a dull persistent pain that is more than manageable. I have some painkillers from Dr. Singh, but she’s asked me not to use them unless I have to. As I dry my hair, I think about Elizabeth. “I still don’t understand why Elizabeth was involved with Jack.” “I do,” Christian mutters darkly. This is news. I frown up at him, but I’m distracted. He’s drying his hair with a towel, his chest and shoulders still wet with beads of water that glint beneath the halogens. He pauses and smirks. “Enjoying the view?” “How do you know?” I ask, trying to ignore that I’ve been caught staring at my own husband.
“That you’re enjoying the view?” he teases. “No,” I scold. “About Elizabeth.” “Detective Clark hinted at it.” I give him my tell-me-more expression, and another nagging memory from when I was unconscious resurfaces. Clark was in my room. I wish I could remember what he said. “Hyde had videos. Videos of all of them. On several USB flash drives.” What? I frown, my skin tightening across my forehead. “Videos of him fucking her. Fucking all his PAs.” Oh! “Exactly. Blackmail material. He likes it rough.” Christian frowns, and I watch confusion followed by disgust cross his face. He pales as his disgust turns to self-loathing. Of course—Christian likes it rough, too. “Don’t.” The word is out of my mouth before I can stop it. His frown deepens. “Don’t what?” He stills and regards me with apprehension. “Don’t think you’re anything like him.” Christian’s eyes harden, but he says nothing, confirming that’s exactly what he was thinking. “You’re not.” My voice is adamant. “We’re cut from the same cloth.” “No, you’re not,” I snap, though I understand why he might think so. “His dad died in a brawl in a bar. His mother drank herself into oblivion. He was in and out of foster homes as a kid, in and out of trouble, too—mainly boosting cars. Spent time in juvie.” I recall the information Christian revealed on the plane to Aspen. “You both have troubled pasts, and you were both born in Detroit. That’s it, Christian.” I fist my hands on my hips. “Ana, your faith in me is touching, in spite of the last few days. We’ll know more when Welch is here.” He’s dismissing the subject. “Christian—”
He stops me with a kiss. “Enough,” he breathes, and I remember the promise I made to myself not to hound him for information. “And don’t pout,” he adds. “Come. Let me dry your hair.” I know the subject is closed After dressing in sweatpants and a T-shirt, I sit between Christian’s legs as he dries my hair. “So did Clark tell you anything else while I was unconscious?” “Not that I recall.” “I heard a few of your conversations.” The hairbrush stills in my hair. “Did you?” he asks, his tone nonchalant. “Yes. My dad, your dad, Detective Clark . . . your mom.” “And Kate?” “Kate was there?” “Briefly, yes. She’s mad at you, too.” I turn in his lap. “Stop with the everyone is mad at Ana crap, okay?” “Just telling you the truth,” Christian says, bemused by my outburst. “Yes, it was reckless, but you know, your sister was in danger.” His face falls. “Yes. She was.” Switching off the hairdryer, he puts it down on the bed beside him. He grasps my chin. “Thank you,” he says, surprising me. “But no more recklessness. Because next time, I will spank the living shit out of you.” I gasp. “You wouldn’t!” “I would.” He’s serious. Holy cow. Deadly serious. “I have your stepfather’s permission.” He smirks. He’s teasing me! Or is he? I launch myself at him, and he twists so that I fall onto the bed and into his arms. As I land, pain from my ribs shoots through me and I wince. Christian pales. “Behave!” he admonishes, and for a moment he’s angry.
“Sorry,” I mumble, reaching up to caress his cheek. He nuzzles my hand and kisses it gently. “Honestly, Ana, you really have no regard for your own safety.” He tugs up the hem of my T-shirt then rests his fingers on my belly. I stop breathing. “It’s not just you anymore,” he whispers, trailing his fingertips along the waistband of my sweats, caressing my skin. Desire explodes unexpected, hot, and heavy in my blood. I gasp and Christian tenses, halting his fingers and gazing down at me. He moves his hand up to tuck a stray lock of hair behind my ear. “No,” he whispers. What? “Don’t look at me like that. I’ve seen the bruises. And the answer’s no.” His voice is firm, and he kisses my forehead. I squirm. “Christian,” I whine. “No. Get into bed.” He sits up. “Bed?” “You need rest.” “I need you.” He closes his eyes and shakes his head as if it’s a great effort of will. When he opens them again, his eyes are bright with his resolve. “Just do as you’re told, Ana.” I’m tempted to take off all my clothes, but then I remember the bruises and know I won’t win that way. Reluctantly, I nod. “Okay.” I deliberately give him an exaggerated pout. He grins, amused. “I’ll bring you some lunch.” “You’re going to cook?” I nearly expire. He has the grace to laugh. “I’m going to heat something up. Mrs. Jones has been busy.” “Christian, I’ll do it. I’m fine. Jeez, I want sex—I can certainly cook.” I sit up awkwardly, trying to hide my flinch from my smarting ribs. “Bed!” Christian’s eyes flash and he points to the pillow. “Join me,” I murmur, wishing I were wearing something a little more alluring than sweatpants and a T- shirt.
“Ana, get into bed. Now.” I scowl, stand up, and let my pants drop unceremoniously to the floor, glaring at him the whole time. His mouth twitches with humor as he pulls the duvet back. “You heard Dr. Singh. She said rest.” His voice is gentler. I slip into bed and fold my arms in frustration. “Stay,” he says clearly enjoying himself. My scowl deepens. Mrs. Jones’s chicken stew is, without doubt, one of my favorite dishes. Christian eats with me, sitting cross-legged in the middle of the bed. “That was very well heated.” I smirk and he grins. I’m replete and sleepy. Was this his plan? “You look tired.” He picks up my tray. “I am.” “Good. Sleep.” He leans down and kisses me. “I have some work I need to do. I’ll do it in here if that’s okay with you.” I nod . . . fighting a losing battle with my eyelids. I had no idea chicken stew could be so exhausting. It’s dusk when I wake. Pale pink light floods the room. Christian is sitting in the armchair, watching me, gray eyes luminous in the ambient light. He’s clutching some papers. His face is ashen. Holy cow! “What’s wrong?” I ask immediately, sitting up and ignoring my protesting ribs. “Welch has just left.” Oh shit. “And?” “I lived with the fucker,” he whispers. “Lived? With Jack?” He nods, eyes wide.
“You’re related?” “No. Good God, no.” I shuffle over and pull the duvet back, inviting him into bed beside me, and to my surprise he doesn’t hesitate. He kicks off his shoes and slides in alongside me. Wrapping one arm around me, he curls up, resting his head in my lap. I’m stunned. What’s this? “I don’t understand,” I murmur, running my fingers through his hair and gazing down at him. Christian closes his eyes and furrows his brow as if he’s straining to remember. “After I was found with the crack whore, before I went to live with Carrick and Grace, I was in the care of Michigan State. I lived in a foster home. But I can’t remember anything about that time.” My mind reels. A foster home? This is news to both of us. “For how long?” I whisper. “Two months or so. I have no recollection.” “Have you spoken to your mom and dad about it?” “No.” “Perhaps you should. Maybe they could fill in the blanks.” He hugs me tightly. “Here.” He hands me the papers, which turn out to be two photographs. I reach over and switch on the bedside light so I can examine them in detail. The first photo is of a shabby house with a yellow front door and a large gabled window in the roof. It has a porch and a small front yard. It’s an unremarkable house. The second photo is of a family—at first glance, an ordinary bluecollar family—a man and his wife, I think, and their children. The adults are both dressed in dowdy, overwashed blue T- shirts. They must be in their forties. The woman has scraped-back blond hair, and the man a severe buzz-cut, but they are both smiling warmly at the camera. The man has his hand draped over the shoulders of a sullen teenage girl. I gaze at each of the children: two boys—identical twins, about twelve—both with sandy blond hair, grinning broadly at the camera; there’s another boy, who’s smaller, blonder, scowling; and hiding behind him, a copper-haired gray-eyed little boy. Wide-eyed and scared, dressed in mismatched clothes, and clutching a child’s dirty blanket. Fuck. “This is you,” I whisper, my heart lurching into my throat. I know Christian was four when his mother died. But this child looks much younger. He must have been severely malnourished. I stifle a sob as tears spring to my eyes. Oh, my sweet Fifty. Christian nods. “That’s me.” “Welch brought these photos?”
“Yes. I don’t remember any of this.” His voice is flat and lifeless. “Remember being with foster parents? Why should you? Christian, it was a long time ago. Is this what’s worrying you?” “I remember other things, from before and after. When I met my mom and dad. But this . . . It’s like there’s a huge chasm.” My heart twists and understanding dawns. My darling control freak likes everything in its place, and now he’s learned he’s missing part of the jigsaw. “Is Jack in this picture?” “Yes, he’s the older kid.” Christian’s eyes are still screwed shut, and he’s clinging to me as if I’m a life raft. I run my fingers through his hair while I gaze at the older boy who is glaring, defiant and arrogant, at the camera. I can see it’s Jack. But he’s just a kid, a sad eight or nine-yearold, hiding his fear behind his hostility. A thought occurs to me. “When Jack called to tell me he had Mia, he said if things had been different, it could have been him.” Christian closes his eyes and shudders. “That fucker!” “You think he did all this because the Greys adopted you instead of him?” “Who knows?” Christian’s tone is bitter. “I don’t give a fuck about him.” “Perhaps he knew we were seeing each other when I went for that job interview. Perhaps he planned to seduce me all along.” Bile rises in my throat. “I don’t think so,” Christian mutters, his eyes now open. “The searches he did on my family didn’t start until a week or so after you began your job at SIP. Barney knows the exact dates. And, Ana, he fucked all his assistants and taped them.” Christian closes his eyes and tightens his grip on me once more. Suppressing the tremor that runs through me, I try to recall my various conversations with Jack when I first started at SIP. I knew deep down he was bad news, yet I ignored all my instincts. Christian’s right—I have no regard for my own safety. I remember the fight we had about me going to New York with Jack. Jeez—I could have ended up on some sordid sex tape. The thought is nauseating. And in that moment I recall the photographs Christian kept of his submissives. Oh shit. “We’re cut from the same cloth.” No, Christian, you’re not, you’re nothing like him. He’s still curled around me, like a small boy.
“Christian, I think you should talk to your mom and dad.” I am reluctant to move him, so I shift and slide back into the bed until we are eye to eye. A bewildered gray gaze meets mine, reminding me of the child in the photograph. “Let me call them,” I whisper. He shakes his head. “Please.” I beg. Christian stares at me, pain and self- doubt reflected in his eyes as he considers my request. Oh, Christian, please! “I’ll call them,” he whispers. “Good. We can go and see them together, or you can go. Whichever you prefer.” “No. They can come here.” “Why?” “I don’t want you going anywhere.” “Christian, I’m up for a car journey.” “No.” His voice is firm, but he gives me an ironic smile. “Anyway, it’s Saturday night, they’re probably at some function.” “Call them. This news has obviously upset you. They might be able to shed some light.” I glance at the radio alarm. It’s almost seven in the evening. He regards me impassively for a moment. “Okay,” he says as if I’ve issued him with a challenge. Sitting up, he reaches for the bedside phone. I wrap my arm around him and rest my head on his chest as he makes the call. “Dad?” I register his surprise that Carrick has answered the phone. “Ana’s good. We’re home. Welch has just left. He found out the connection . . . the foster home in Detroit . . . I don’t remember any of that.” Christian’s voice is almost inaudible as he mutters the last sentence. My heart constricts once more. I hug him, and he squeezes my shoulder. “Yeah . . . You will? . . . Great.” He hangs up. “They’re on their way.” He sounds surprised, and I realize that he’s probably never asked them for help. “Good. I should get dressed.” Christian’s arm tightens around me. “Don’t go.” “Okay.” I snuggle into his side again, stunned by the fact that he’s just told me a great deal about himself—entirely voluntarily.
As we stand at the threshold to the great room, Grace wraps me gently in her arms. “Ana, Ana, darling Ana,” she whispers. “Saving two of my children. How can I ever thank you?” I blush, touched and embarrassed in equal measure by her words. Carrick hugs me, too, kissing my forehead. Then Mia grabs me, squashing my ribs. I wince and gasp, but she doesn’t notice. “Thank you for saving me from those assholes.” Christian scowls at her. “Mia! Careful! She’s in pain.” “Oh! Sorry.” “I’m good,” I mutter, relieved when she releases me. She looks fine. Impeccably dressed in tight black jeans and a pale pink frilly blouse. I’m glad I’m wearing my comfortable wrap dress and flats. At least I look reasonably presentable. Racing over to Christian, Mia curls her arm around his waist. Wordlessly, he hands Grace the photo. She gasps, her hand flying to her mouth to contain her emotion as she instantly recognizes Christian. Carrick wraps his arm around her shoulder as he, too, examines it. “Oh, darling.” Grace caresses Christian’s cheek. Taylor appears. “Mr. Grey? Miss Kavanagh, her brother, and your brother are coming up, sir.” Christian frowns. “Thank you, Taylor,” he mutters, bemused. “I called Elliot and told him we were coming over.” Mia grins. “It’s a welcome-home party.” I sneak a sympathetic glance at my poor husband as both Grace and Carrick glare at Mia in exasperation. “We’d better get some food together,” I declare. “Mia, will you give me a hand?” “Oh, I’d love to.” I usher her toward the kitchen area as Christian leads his parents into his study.
Kate is apoplectic with righteous indignation that’s aimed at me, Christian, but most of all Jack and Elizabeth. “What were you thinking, Ana?” she shouts as she confronts me in the kitchen, causing all eyes in the room to turn and stare. “Kate, please. I’ve had the same lecture from everyone!” I snap back. She glares at me, and for one minute I think I’m going to be subjected to a Katherine Kavanagh how-not-to-succumb-to-kidnappers lecture, but instead she folds me into her arms. “Jeez—sometimes you don’t have the brains you were born with, Steele,” she whispers. As she kisses my cheek, there are tears in her eyes . Kate! “I’ve been so worried about you.” “Don’t cry. You’ll set me off.” She stands back and wipes her eyes, embarrassed, then takes a deep breath and composes herself. “On a more positive note, we’ve set a date for our wedding. We thought next May? And of course I want you to be my matron of honor.” “Oh . . . Kate . . . Wow. Congratulations!” Crap—Li’l Blip . . . Junior! “What is it?” she asks, misinterpreting my alarm. “Um . . . I’m just so happy for you. Some good news for a change.” I wrap my arms around her and pull her into a hug. Shit, shit, shit. When is Blip due? Mentally I calculate my due date. Dr. Greene said I was four or five weeks. So—sometime in May? Shit. Elliot hands me a glass of champagne. Oh. Shit. Christian emerges from his study, looking ashen, and follows his parents into the great room. His eyes widen when he sees the glass in my hand. “Kate,” he greets her coolly. “Christian.” She is equally cool. I sigh. “Your meds, Mrs. Grey.” He eyes the glass in my hand. I narrow my eyes. Dammit. I want a drink. Grace smiles as she joins me in the kitchen, collecting a glass from Elliot on the way. “A sip will be fine,” she whispers with a conspiratorial wink at me, and lifts her glass to clink mine. Christian scowls at both of us, until Elliot distracts him with news of the Mariners’ latest match against the Rangers.
Carrick joins us, putting his arms around us both, and Grace kisses his cheek before joining Mia on the sofa. “How is he?” I whisper to Carrick as he and I stand in the kitchen watching the family lounge on the sofa. I note with surprise that Mia and Ethan are holding hands. “Shaken,” Carrick murmurs to me, his brow furrowing, his face serious. “He remembers so much of his life with his birth mother; many things I wish he didn’t. But this—” He stops. “I hope we’ve helped. I’m glad he called us. He said you told him to.” Carrick’s gaze softens. I shrug and take a hasty sip of champagne. “You’re very good for him. He doesn’t listen to anyone else.” I blink up at Carrick, frowning. I don’t think that’s true. The unwelcome specter of the Bitch Troll looms large in my mind. I know Christian talks to Grace, too. I heard him. Again I feel a moment’s frustration as I try to fathom their conversation in the hospital, but it still eludes me. “Come and sit down, Ana. You look tired. I’m sure you weren’t expecting all of us here this evening.” “It’s great to see everyone.” I smile. Because it’s true, it is great. I’m an only child who has married into a large and gregarious family, and I love it. I snuggle up next to Christian. “One sip,” he hisses at me and takes my glass from my hand. “Yes, Sir.” I bat my lashes, disarming him completely. He puts his arm around my shoulders and returns to his baseball conversation with Elliot and Ethan. “My parents think you walk on water,” Christian mutters as he drags off his T-shirt. I’m curled up in bed watching the floorshow. “Good thing you know differently.” I snort. “Oh, I don’t know.” He slips out of his jeans. “Did they fill in the gaps for you?” “Some. I lived with the Colliers for two months while Mom and Dad waited for the paperwork. They were already approved for adoption because of Elliot, but the wait’s required by law to see if I had any living relatives who wanted to claim me.”
Oh. “How do you feel about that?” I whisper. He frowns. “About having no living relatives? Fuck that. If they were anything like the crack whore . . .” He shakes his head in disgust. Oh, Christian! You were a child, and you loved your mom. He slides on his pajamas, climbs into bed, and gently pulls me into his arms. “It’s coming back to me. I remember the food. I think Mrs. Collier could cook. And at least we know now why that fucker is so hung up on my family.” He runs his free hand through his hair. “Fuck!” he says suddenly turning to gape at me. “What?” “It makes sense now!” His eyes are full of recognizance. “What?” “Baby Bird. Mrs. Collier used to call me Baby Bird.” I frown. “What makes sense?” “The note,” he says gazing at me. “The ransom note that fucker left. It went something like ‘Do you know who I am? Because I know who you are, Baby Bird.’ ” This is not makes no sense to me at all. “It’s from a kids book. Shit. I’ve just remembered. The Colliers had it. It was called . . . ‘Are You My Mother?’ Shit.” His eyes widen. “I loved that book.” Oh. I know that book. My heart lurches— Fifty! “Mrs. Collier used to read it to me.” I am at a loss what to say. “Christ. He knew . . . that fucker knew.” “Will you tell the police?” “Yes. I will. Christ knows what Clark will do with that information.” Christian shakes his head as if trying to clear his thoughts. “Anyway, thank you for this evening.” Whoa. Gear change. “For what?”
“Catering for my family at a moment’s notice.” “Don’t thank me, thank Mia and Mrs. Jones. She keeps the pantry well stocked.” He shakes his head as if in exasperation. At me? Why? “How are you feeling, Mrs. Grey?” “Good. How are you feeling?” “I’m fine.” He frowns . . . not understanding my concern. Oh . . . in that case. I trail my fingers down his stomach to his oh-sohappy trail. He laughs and grabs my hand. “Oh no. Don’t get any ideas.” I pout, and he sighs. “Ana, Ana, Ana, what am I going to do with you?” He kisses my hair. “I have some ideas.” I squirm beside him, and wince as pain radiates through my upper body from my bruised ribs. “Baby, you’ve been through enough. Besides, I have a bedtime story for you.” Oh? “You wanted to know . . .” He trails off, closes his eyes and swallows. All of the hair on my body stands on end . Shit. He begins in a soft voice. “Picture this, an adolescent boy looking to earn some extra money so he can continue his secret drinking habit.” He shifts onto his side so that we’re lying facing each other and he’s gazing into my eyes. “So I was in the backyard at the Lincolns’, clearing some rubble and trash from the extension Mr. Lincoln had just added to their place . . .” Holy fuck . . . he’s talking. Chapter Twenty-five
I can barely breathe. Do I want to hear this? Christian closes his eyes and swallows. When he opens them again, they are bright but diffident, full of disquieting memories. “It was a hot summer day. I was working hard.” He snorts and shakes his head, suddenly amused. “It was backbreaking work shifting that rubble. I was on my own, and Ele—Mrs. Lincoln appeared out of nowhere and brought me some lemonade. We exchanged small talk, and I made some smart-ass remark . . . and she slapped me. She slapped me so hard.” Unconsciously, his hand moves to his face and he caresses his cheek, his eyes clouding at the memory. Holy shit! “But then she kissed me. And when she finished, she slapped me again.” He blinks, seemingly still confounded even after all this time. “I’d never been kissed before or hit like that.” Oh. She pounced. On a kid. “Do you want to hear this?” Christians asks. Yes . . . No . . . “Only if you want to tell me.” My voice is small as I lie facing him, my mind reeling. “I’m trying to give you some context.” I nod in what I hope is an encouraging manner. But I suspect I may look like a statue, frozen and wide- eyed with shock. He frowns, his eyes searching mine, trying to gauge my reaction. Then he turns onto his back and stares up at the ceiling. “Well, naturally, I was confused and angry and horny as hell. I mean, a hot older woman comes on to you like that—” He shakes his head as if he still can’t believe it. Hot? I feel queasy. “She went back into the house, leaving me in the backyard. She acted as if nothing had happened. I was at a total loss. So I went back to work, loading the rubble into the dumpster. When I left that evening, she asked me to come back the next day. She didn’t mention what had happened. So the next day I went back. I couldn’t wait to see her again,” he whispers as if it’s a dark confession . . . because frankly it is. “She didn’t touch me when she kissed me,” he murmurs and turns his head to gaze at me. “You have to understand . . . my life was hell on earth. I was a walking hard-on, fifteen years old, tall for my age,
hormones raging. The girls at school—” He stops, but I’ve got the picture: a scared, lonely, but attractive adolescent. My heart twists. “I was angry, so fucking angry at everyone; at myself, my folks. I had no friends. My therapist at the time was a total asshole. My folks, they kept me on a tight leash; they didn’t understand.” He stares back up at the ceiling and runs a hand through his hair. I itch to run my fingers through his hair, too, but I stay still. “I just couldn’t bear anyone to touch me. I couldn’t. Couldn’t bear anyone near me. I used to fight . . . fuck, did I fight. I got into some god-awful brawls. I was expelled from a couple of schools. But it was a way to let off steam. To tolerate some kind of physical contact.” He stops again. “Well, you get the idea. And when she kissed me, she only grabbed my face. She didn’t touch me.” His voice is barely audible. She must have known. Perhaps Grace had told her. Oh, my poor Fifty. I have to fold my hands beneath my pillow and rest my head on it in order to resist the urge to hold him. “Well, the next day I went back to the house, not knowing what to expect. And I’ll spare you the gory details, but there was more of the same. And that’s how our relationship started.” Oh fuck, this is painful to hear. He shifts again onto his side so he’s facing me. “And you know something, Ana? My world came into focus. Sharp and clear. Everything. It was exactly what I needed. She was a breath of fresh air. Making the decisions, taking all that shit away from me, letting me breathe.” Holy shit. “And even when it all finished, my world stayed in focus because of her. And it stayed that way until I met you.” What the hell am I supposed to say to that? Tentatively, he smoothes a stray lock of my hair behind my ear. “You turned my world on its head.” He closes his eyes, and when he opens them again, they are raw. “My world was ordered, calm and controlled, then you came into my life with your smart mouth, your innocence, your beauty, and your quiet temerity . . . and everything before you was just dull, empty, mediocre . . . it was nothing.” Oh my. “I fell in love,” he whispers. I stop breathing. He caresses my cheek.
“So did I,” I murmur with the little breath I have left. His eyes soften. “I know,” he mouths. “You do?” “Yes.” Hallelujah! I smile shyly at him. “Finally,” I whisper. He nods. “And it’s put everything into perspective for me. When I was younger, Elena was the center of my world. There was nothing I wouldn’t do for her. And she did a lot for me. She stopped my drinking. Made me work hard at school . . . You know, she gave me a coping mechanism I hadn’t had before, allowed me to experience things that I never thought I could.” “Touch,” I whisper. He nods. “After a fashion.” I frown, wondering what he means. He hesitates at my reaction. Tell me! I will him. “If you grow up with a wholly negative self-image, thinking you’re some kind of reject, an unlovable savage, you think you deserve to be beaten.” Christian . . . you are none of those things. He pauses and runs his hand through his hair. “Ana, it’s much easier to wear your pain on the outside . . .” Again, it’s a confession. Oh. “She channeled my anger.” His mouth presses together in a bleak line. “Mostly inward—I realize that now. Dr. Flynn’s been on and on about this for some time. It was only recently that I saw our relationship for what it was. You know . . . on my birthday.” I shudder as the unwelcome memory of Elena and Christian verbally eviscerating each other at Christian’s birthday party surfaces unwelcome in my mind. “For her that side of our relationship was about sex and control and a lonely woman finding some kind of comfort with her boy toy.”
“But you like control,” I whisper. “Yes. I do. I always will, Ana. It’s who I am. I surrendered it for a brief while. Let someone make all my decisions for me. I couldn’t do it myself—I wasn’t in a fit state. But through my submission to her, I found myself and found the strength to take charge of my life . . . take control and make my own decisions.” “Become a Dom?” “Yes.” “Your decision?” “Yes.” “Dropping out of Harvard?” “My decision, and it was the best decision I ever made. Until I met you.” “Me?” “Yes.” His lips quirk up in a soft smile. “The best decision I ever made was marrying you.” Oh my. “Not starting your company?” He shakes his head. “Not learning to fly?” He shakes his head. “You,” he mouths. He caresses my cheek with his knuckles. “She knew,” he whispers. I frown. “She knew what?” “That I was head over heels in love with you. She encouraged me to go down to Georgia to see you, and I’m glad she did. She thought you’d freak out and leave. Which you did.” I pale. I’d rather not think about that. “She thought I needed all the trappings of the lifestyle I enjoyed.” “The Dom?” I whisper. He nods. “It enabled me to keep everyone at arm’s length, gave me control, and kept me detached, or so I thought. I’m sure you’ve worked out why,” he adds softly. “Your birth mom?” “I didn’t want to be hurt again. And then you left me.” His words are barely audible. “And I was a mess.”
Oh no. “I’ve avoided intimacy for so long—I don’t know how to do this.” “You’re doing fine,” I murmur. I trace his lips with my index finger. He purses them into a kiss. You’re talking to me. “Do you miss it?” I whisper. “Miss it?” “That lifestyle.” “Yes, I do.” Oh! “But only insofar as I miss the control it brings. And frankly, your stupid stunt”—he stops—“that saved my sister,” he whispers, his words full of relief, awe, and disbelief. “That’s how I know.” “Know?” “Really know that you love me.” I frown. “What?” “Because you risked so much . . . for me, for my family.” My frown deepens. He reaches over and traces his finger over the middle of my brow above my nose. “You have a V here when you frown,” he murmurs. “It’s very soft to kiss. I can behave so badly . . . and yet you’re still here.” “Why are you surprised I’m still here? I told you I wasn’t going to leave you.” “Because of the way that I behaved when you told me you were pregnant.” He runs his finger down my cheek. “You were right. I am an adolescent.” Oh shit . . . I did say that. My subconscious glares at me. His doctor said that! “Christian, I said some awful things.” He puts his index finger over my lips. “Hush. I deserved to hear them. Besides this is my bedtime story.” He rolls onto his back again.
“When you told me you were pregnant—” He stops. “I’d thought it would be just you and me for a while. I’d considered children, but only in the abstract. I had this vague idea we’d have a child sometime in the future.” Just one? No . . . Not an only child. Not like me. Perhaps now’s not the best time to bring that up. “You are still so young, and I know you’re quietly ambitious.” Ambitious? Me? “Well, you pulled the rug from under me. Christ, was that unexpected. Never in a million years, when I asked you what was wrong, did I expect you to be pregnant.” He sighs. “I was so mad. Mad at you. Mad at myself. Mad at everyone. And it took me back, that feeling of nothing being in my control. I had to get out. I went to see Flynn, but he was at some school parents’ evening.” Christian pauses and arches an eyebrow. “Ironic,” I whisper. Christian smirks in agreement. “So I walked and walked and walked, and I just . . . found myself at the salon. Elena was leaving. She was surprised to see me. And, truth be told, I was surprised to find myself there. She could tell I was mad and asked me if I wanted a drink.” Oh shit. We’ve cut to the chase. My heart doubles in speed. Do I really want to know this? My subconscious glares at me, a plucked eyebrow raised in warning. “We went to a quiet bar I know and had a bottle of wine. She apologized for the way she behaved the last time she saw us. She’s hurt that my mom will have nothing to do with her any more—it’s narrowed her social circle—but she understands. We talked about the business, which is doing fine, in spite of the recession . . . I mentioned that you wanted kids.” I frown. What? “I thought you let her know I was pregnant.” He regards me, his face guileless. “No, I didn’t.” “Why didn’t you tell me that?” He shrugs. “I never got the chance.” “Yes, you did.” “I couldn’t find you the next morning, Ana. And when I did, you were so mad at me . . .”
Oh, yes. “I was.” “Anyway, at some point in the evening—about halfway through the second bottle—she leaned over to touch me. And I froze,” he whispers, throwing his arm over his eyes. My scalp tingles. What’s this? “She saw that I recoiled from her. It shocked both of us.” His voice is low, too low. Why won’t he look at me? I tug at his arm and he lowers it, turning to gaze into my eyes. Shit. His face is pale, his eyes wide. “What?” I breathe. He frowns, and swallows. Oh . . . what isn’t he telling me? Do I want to know? “She made a pass at me.” He’s shocked, I can tell. All the breath is sucked from my body. I feel winded, and I think my heart has stopped. That fucking bitch troll! “It was a moment, suspended in time. She saw my expression, and she realized how far she’d crossed the line. I said . . . no. I haven’t thought of her like that for years, and besides”—he swallows—“I love you. I told her, I love my wife.” I gaze at him. I don’t know what to say. “She backed right off. Apologized again, made it seem like a joke. I mean, she said she’s happy with Isaac and with the business and she doesn’t bear either of us any ill will. She said she missed my friendship, but she could see that my life was with you now. And how awkward that was, given what happened last time we were all in the same room. I couldn’t have agreed with her more. We said our goodbyes—our final goodbyes. I said I wouldn’t see her again, and she went on her way.” I swallow, fear gripping my heart. “Did you kiss?” “No!” he snorts. “I couldn’t bear to be that close to her.” Oh. Good. “I was miserable. I wanted to come home to you. But . . . I knew I’d behaved badly. I stayed and finished the bottle, then started on the bourbon. While I was drinking, I remember you saying to me some time ago, ‘If that was my son . . .’ And I got to thinking about Junior and about how Elena and I started. And it made me feel . . . uncomfortable. I’d never thought of it like that before.”
A memory blossoms in my mind—a whispered conversation from when I was half conscious—Christian’s voice: “But seeing her finally put it all in perspective for me. You know . . . with the child. For the first time I felt . . . What we did . . . it was wrong.” He’d been speaking to Grace. “That’s it?” “Pretty much.” “Oh.” “Oh?” “It’s over?” “Yes. It’s been over since I laid eyes on you. I finally realized it that night and so did she.” “I’m sorry,” I mutter. He frowns. “What for?” “Being so angry the next day.” He snorts. “Baby, I understand angry.” He pauses then sighs. “You see, Ana, I want you to myself. I don’t want to share you. What we have, I’ve never had before. I want to be the center of your universe, for a while at least.” Oh, Christian. “You are. That’s not going to change.” He gives me an indulgent, sad, resigned smile. “Ana,” he whispers. “That’s just not true.” Tears prick my eyes. “How can it be?” he murmurs. Oh no. “Shit—don’t cry, Ana. Please, don’t cry.” He caresses my face. “I’m sorry.” My lower lip trembles, and he brushes his thumb over it, soothing me.
“No, Ana, no. Don’t be sorry. You’ll have someone else to love as well. And you’re right. That’s how it should be.” “Blip will love you, too. You’ll be the center of Blip’s—Junior’s world,” I whisper. “Children love their parents unconditionally, Christian. That’s how they come into the world. Programmed to love. All babies . . . even you. Think about that children’s book you liked when you were small. You still wanted your mom. You loved her.” He furrows his brow and withdraws his hand, fisting it against his chin. “No,” he whispers. “Yes. You did.” My tears flow freely now. “Of course you did. It wasn’t an option. That’s why you’re so hurt.” He stares at me, his expression raw. “That’s why you’re able to love me,” I murmur. “Forgive her. She had her own world of pain to deal with. She was a shitty mother, and you loved her.” He gazes at me, saying nothing, eyes haunted—by memories I can’t begin to fathom. Oh, please don’t stop talking. Eventually he says, “I used to brush her hair. She was pretty.” “One look at you and no one would doubt that.” “She was a shitty mother.” His voice is barely audible. I nod and he closes his eyes. “I’m scared I’ll be a shitty father.” I stroke his dear face. Oh my Fifty, Fifty, Fifty. “Christian, do you think for one minute I’d let you be a shitty father?” He opens his eyes and gazes at me for what feels like an eternity. He smiles as relief slowly illuminates his face. “No, I don’t think you would.” He caresses my face with the back of his knuckles, gazing at me in wonder. “God, you’re strong, Mrs. Grey. I love you so much.” He leans forward and kisses my forehead. “I didn’t know I could.” “Oh, Christian,” I whisper, trying to contain my emotions. “Now, that’s the end of your bedtime story.”
“That’s some bedside story . . . ” He smiles wistfully, but I think he’s relieved. “How’s your head?” “My head?” Actually, it’s about to explode with all you’ve told me! “Does it hurt?” “No.” “Good. I think you should sleep now.” Sleep! How can I sleep after all that? “Sleep,” he says sternly. “You need it.” I pout. “I have one question.” “Oh? What?” He eyes me warily. “Why have you suddenly become all . . . forthcoming, for want of a better word?” He frowns. “You’re telling me all this, when getting information out of you is normally a pretty harrowing and trying experience.” “It is? “You know it is.” “Why am I being forthcoming? I can’t say. Seeing you practically dead on the cold concrete, maybe. The fact I’m going to be a father. I don’t know. You said you wanted to know, and I don’t want Elena to come between us. She can’t. She’s the past, and I’ve said that to you so many times.” “If she hadn’t made a pass at you . . . would you still be friends?” “That’s more than one question.” “Sorry. You don’t have to tell me.” I flush. “You’ve already volunteered more than I ever thought you would.”
His gaze softens. “No, I don’t think so, but she’s felt like unfinished business since my birthday. She stepped over the line, and I’m done. Please, believe me. I’m not going to see her again. You said she’s a hard limit for you. That’s a term I understand,” he says with quiet sincerity. Okay. I’m going to let this go now. My subconscious sags into her armchair. Finally! “Goodnight, Christian. Thank you for the enlightening bedtime story.” I lean over to kiss him, and our lips touch briefly, but he pulls back when I try to deepen the kiss. “Don’t,” he whispers. “I am desperate to make love to you.” “Then do.” “No, you need to rest, and it’s late. Go to sleep.” He leans over and switches off the bedside light, plunging us into darkness. “I love you unconditionally, Christian,” I murmur as I cuddle into his side. “I know,” he whispers, and I sense his shy smile. ~o0o~ I wake with a start. Light is flooding the room, and Christian is not in bed. I glance at the clock and see it’s seven fifty-three. I take a deep breath and wince as my ribs smart though not as badly as yesterday. I think I could go to work. Work—Yes. I want to go to work. It’s Monday, and I spent all of yesterday lounging about in bed. Christian only let me go out briefly to see Ray. Honestly, he’s still such a control freak. I smile fondly. My control freak. He’s been attentive and loving and chatty . . . and hands-off since I arrived home. I scowl. I am going to have to do something about this. My head doesn’t hurt, the pain around my ribs has eased—though, admittedly, laughing has to be undertaken with caution—but I’m frustrated. I think this is the longest I’ve gone without sex since . . . well, since the first time. I think we’ve both recovered our equilibrium. Christian is much more relaxed; his long bedtime story seems to have laid some ghosts to rest, for him and for me. We’ll see. I shower quickly, and once I’m dry, I browse carefully through my clothes. I want something sexy. Something that might galvanize Christian into action. Who would have thought such an insatiable man could actually exercise so much self-control? I don’t really want to dwell on how Christian learned such discipline over his body. We haven’t spoken of the Bitch Troll once since his confessional. I hope we never do. To me she’s dead and buried. I choose an almost indecently short black skirt and a white silk blouse with a frill. I slide on thigh-highs with lacy tops and my black Louboutin pumps. A little mascara and lip gloss for a natural look, and after
a ferocious brushing, I leave my hair loose. Yes. This should do it. Christian is eating at the breakfast bar. His forkful of omelet stops in midair when he sees me. He frowns. “Good morning, Mrs. Grey. Going somewhere?” “Work.” I smile sweetly. “I don’t think so.” Christian snorts with amused derision. “Dr. Singh said a week off.” “Christian, I am not spending the day lounging in bed on my own. So I may as well go to work. Good morning, Gail.” “Mrs. Grey.” Mrs. Jones tries to hide a smile. “Would you like some breakfast?” “Please.” “Granola?” “I’d prefer scrambled eggs with whole wheat toast.” Mrs. Jones beams and Christian registers his surprise. “Very good, Mrs. Grey,” Mrs. Jones says. “Ana, you are not going to work.” “But—” “No. It’s simple. Don’t argue.” Christian is adamant. I glare at him, and only then do I notice that he’s in the same pajama bottoms and Tshirt he was wearing last night. “Are you going to work?” I ask. “No.” Am I going crazy? “It is Monday, right?” He smiles. “Last time I looked.” I narrow my eyes. “Are you playing hooky?” “I’m not leaving you here on your own to get into trouble. And Dr. Singh said it would be a week before you could go back to work. Remember?”
I slide onto a bar stool beside him and hoist my skirt up a little. Mrs. Jones places a cup of tea in front of me. “You look good,” Christian says. I cross my legs. “Very good. Especially here.” He traces a finger over the bare flesh that shows above my thigh-highs. My pulse quickens as his finger runs across my skin. “This skirt is very short,” he murmurs, vague disapproval in his voice as his eyes follow his finger. “Is it? I hadn’t noticed.” Christian gazes at me, mouth twisted in an amused yet exasperated smirk. “Really, Mrs. Grey?” I blush. “I’m not sure this look is suitable for the workplace,” he murmurs. “Well, since I’m not going to work, that’s a moot point.” “Moot?” “Moot,” I mouth. Christian smirks again and resumes eating his omelet. “I have a better idea.” “You do?” He glances at me through long lashes, gray eyes darkening. I inhale sharply. Oh my. About time. “We can go see how Elliot’s getting on with the house.” What? Oh! Tease! I vaguely remember we were supposed to do that before Ray was injured. “I’d love to.” “Good.” he grins. “Don’t you have to work?” “No. Ros is back from Taiwan. That all went well. Today, everything’s fine.” “I thought you were going to Taiwan.” He snorts again. “Ana, you were in the hospital.” “Oh.” “Yeah—oh. So today I’m spending some quality time with my
wife.” He smacks his lips together as he takes a sip of coffee. “Quality time?” I can’t disguise the hope in my voice. Mrs. Jones places my scrambled eggs in front of me, again failing to hide her smile. Christian smirks. “Quality time.” He nods. I am too hungry to flirt anymore with my husband. “It’s good to see you eat,” he murmurs. Rising, he leans over and kisses my hair. “I’m going to shower.” “Um . . . can I come and scrub your back?” I mumble through a mouth full of toast and scrambled egg. “No. Eat.” Leaving the breakfast bar, he tugs his T-shirt over his head, treating me to the sight of his finely sculptured shoulders and naked back as he saunters out of the great room. I stop mid-chew. He’s doing this on purpose. Why? Ray is in good spirits. Mr. Rodriguez is visiting, too, and they’ve both settled down in front of the large new flat-screen TV in Ray’s room. I suspect Christian had something to do with that. We leave them watching the sports highlights from the previous weekend. Christian is relaxed on the drive north. He’s been this way ever since “the talk.” It’s as if a weight has been lifted; Mrs. Robinson’s shadow no longer looms so large over us, maybe because I’ve decided to let it go—or because he has, I don’t know. But I feel closer to him now than I ever have before. Perhaps because he’s finally confided in me. I hope he continues to do so. And he’s more accepting of the baby, too. He hasn’t gone out and bought a crib yet, but I have high hopes. I gaze at him, drinking him in as he drives. He looks casual, cool . . . sexy with his tousled hair, Ray-Bans, pinstripe jacket, white linen shirt, and jeans. He glances at me, reaches over, and clasps my leg above the knee, his fingers stroking gently. “I’m glad you didn’t change.” I did slip on a denim jacket and change to flats, but I’m still wearing the short skirt. His hand lingers above my knee. I put my hand on his. “Are you going to continue to tease me?”
“Maybe.” Christian smiles. “Why?” “Because I can.” He grins, boyish as ever. “Two can play at that game,” I whisper. His fingers move tantalizingly up my thigh. “Bring it on, Mrs. Grey.” His grin broadens. I pick up his hand and put it back on his knee. “Well, you can keep your hands to yourself.” He smirks. “As you wish, Mrs. Grey.” Dammit. This game is going to backfire on me. Christian turns into the driveway of our new house. He stops at the keypad and punches in a number, and the ornate white metal gates swing open. We roar up the tree-lined lane, under leaves that are a blend of green, yellow, and burnished copper. The tall grass in the meadow is turning gold, but there are still a few yellow wildflowers dotted among the grass. It’s a beautiful day. The sun is shining, and the salty tang of the Sound is in the air mixed with the scent of the coming fall. This is such a tranquil and beautiful place. And to think we’re going to make our home here. The lane curves around, and our house comes into view. Several large trucks, sides emblazoned with GREY CONSTRUCTION, are parked out front. The house is decked in scaffolding, and several workmen in hard hats are busy on the roof. Christian pulls up outside the portico and switches off the engine. I can sense his excitement. “Let’s go find Elliot.” “Is he here?” “I hope so. I’m paying him enough.” I snort, and Christian grins as we get out of the car. “Yo, Bro!” Elliot shouts from somewhere. We both glance around. “Up here!” He’s up on the roof, waving down at us and beaming from ear to ear. “About time we saw you here. Stay where you are. I’ll be right down.” I glance at Christian, who shrugs. A few minutes later, Elliot appears at the front door.
“Hey, Bro.” He shakes Christian’s hand. “And how are you, little lady?” He picks me up and swings me around. “Better, thanks,” I giggle breathlessly, my ribs protesting. Christian frowns at him, but Elliot ignores him. “Let’s head over to the site office. You’ll need one of these.” He taps his hard hat. The house is a shell. The floors are covered in a hard fibrous material that looks like burlap; some of the original walls have disappeared and new ones have taken their place. Elliot leads us through, explaining what’s happening, while men—and a few women—work everywhere around us. I’m relieved to see the stone staircase with its intricate iron balustrade is still in place and draped completely in white dustsheets. In the main living area, the back wall has been removed to make way for Gia’s glass wall, and work is beginning on the terrace. In spite of the mess, the view is still stunning. The new work is sympathetic and in keeping with the old-world charm of the house . . . Gia’s done well. Elliot patiently explains the processes and gives us a rough timeframe for each. He’s hoping we can be in by Christmas, although Christian thinks this is optimistic. Holy cow—Christmas overlooking the Sound. I can’t wait. A bubble of excitement blooms inside me. I have visions of us trimming an enormous tree while a copper-haired little boy looks on in wonder. Elliot finishes our tour in the kitchen. “I’ll leave you two to roam. Be careful. This is a building site.” “Sure. Thanks, Elliot,” Christian murmurs, taking my hand. “Happy?” he asks once Elliot has left us alone. I am gazing at this empty shell of a room and wondering where I will hang the pepper pictures that we bought in France. “Very. I love it. You?” “Ditto.” He grins. “Good. I was thinking of the pepper pictures in here.” Christian nods. “I want to put up José’s portraits of you in this house. You need to decide where they should go.” I flush. “Somewhere I won’t see them often.”
“Don’t be like that,” he scolds, brushing his thumb across my bottom lip. “They’re my favorite pictures. I love the one in my office.” “I have no idea why,” I murmur and kiss the pad of his thumb. “Worse things to do than look at your beautiful smiling face all day. Hungry?” he asks. “Hungry for what?” I whisper. He smirks, his eyes darkening. Hope and desire unfurl in my veins. “Food, Mrs. Grey,” he murmurs, and he plants a swift kiss on my lips. I give him my faux pout and sigh. “Yes. These days I’m always hungry.” “The three of us can have a picnic.” “Three of us? Is someone joining us?” Christian cocks his head to one side. “In about seven or eight months.” Oh . . . Blip. I grin goofily at him. “I thought you might like to eat al fresco.” “In the meadow?” I ask. He nods. “Sure.” I grin. “This will be a great place to raise a family,” he murmurs, gazing down at me. Family! More than one? Dare I mention this now? He spreads his fingers over my belly. Holy shit. I hold my breath and place my hand over his. “It’s hard to believe,” he whispers, and for the first time I hear wonder in his voice. “I know. Oh—here, I have evidence. A picture.” “You do? Baby’s first smile?” I pull out the ultrasound of Blip from my wallet. “See?” Christian examines it closely, staring for several seconds. “Oh . . . Blip. Yeah, I see.” He sounds distracted, awed.
“Your child,” I whisper. “Our child,” he counters. “First of many.” “Many?” Christian’s eyes widen with alarm. “At least two.” “Two?” He tests the word. “Can we just take this one child at a time?” I grin. “Sure.” We head back outside into the warm fall afternoon. “When are you going to tell your folks?” Christian asks. “Soon,” I murmur. “I thought about telling Ray this morning, but Mr. Rodriguez was there.” I shrug. Christian nods and opens the hood of the R8. Inside are a wicker picnic basket and the tartan blanket we bought in London. “Come,” he says, taking the basket and blanket in one hand and holding the other out to me. Together we walk into the meadow. “Sure, Ros, go for it.” Christian hangs up. That’s the third call he’s taken during our picnic. He’s kicked off his shoes and socks, and is watching me, arms on his raised knees. His jacket lies discarded on top of mine, as we’re warm in the sun. I lie beside him, stretched out on the tartan picnic blanket, both of us surrounded by tall golden and green grass, far, far from the noise at the house and hidden from the prying eyes of the construction workers. We are in our own bucolic haven. He feeds me another strawberry, and I chew and suck it gratefully, gazing at his darkening eyes. “Tasty?” he whispers. “Very.” “Had enough?” “Of strawberries, yes.” His eyes glitter dangerously, and he grins down at me. “Mrs. Jones packs a mighty fine picnic,” he says.
“That she does,” I whisper. Shifting suddenly, he lies down so his head is resting on my belly. He closes his eyes and seems content. I tangle my fingers in his hair. He sighs heavily, then scowls and checks the number on the screen of his buzzing BlackBerry. He rolls his eyes and takes the call. “Welch,” he snaps. He tenses, listens for a second or two, then suddenly bolts upright. “24-7 . . . Thanks,” he says through gritted teeth and hangs up. The change in his mood is instant. Gone is my teasing, flirtatious husband, replaced by a cold, calculating master of the universe. He narrows his eyes for a moment then gives me a cool, chilling smile. A shiver runs down my back. He picks up his BlackBerry and presses a speed dial. “Ros, how much stock do we own in Lincoln Timber?” He kneels up. My scalp prickles. Oh no, what’s this? “So, consolidate the shares into GEH, then fire the board . . . except the CEO. . . . I don’t give a fuck . . . I hear you, just do it . . . thank you . . . keep me informed.” He hangs up, and gazes at me impassively for a moment. Holy shit! Christian is mad. “What’s happened?” “Linc,” he murmurs. “Linc? Elena’s ex?” “The same. He’s the one who posted Hyde’s bail.” What? Why? I gape at Christian in shock. His mouth is pressed in a hard line. “Well—he’ll look like an idiot,” I murmur, dismayed. “I mean, Hyde committed another crime while out on bail.” Christian’s eyes narrow and he smirks. “Fair point well made, Mrs. Grey.” “What did you just do?” I kneel up, facing him. “I fucked him over.” Oh! “Um . . . that seems a little impulsive,” I murmur.
“I’m an in-the-moment kind of guy.” “I’m aware of that.” His eyes narrow and his lips thin. “I’ve had this plan in my back pocket for a while,” he says dryly. I frown. “Oh?” He pauses, seeming to weigh up something in his mind, then takes a deep breath. “Several years back, when I was twenty-one, Linc beat his wife to a pulp. He broke her jaw, her left arm, and four of her ribs because she was fucking me.” His eyes harden. “And now I learn he posted bail for a man who tried to kill me, kidnapped my sister, and fractured my wife’s skull. I’ve had enough. I think it’s payback time.” I blanch. Holy shit. “Fair point well made, Mr. Grey,” I whisper. “Ana, this is what I do. I’m not usually motivated by revenge, but I cannot let him get away with this. What he did to Elena . . . well, she should have pressed charges, but she didn’t. That was her prerogative. “But he’s seriously crossed the line with Hyde. Linc’s made this personal by going after my family. I’m going to crush him, break up his company right under his nose, and sell the pieces to the highest bidder. I am going to bankrupt him.” Oh . . . “Besides,” Christian smirks. “We’ll make good money out of the deal.” I stare into blazing gray eyes that soften suddenly. “I didn’t mean to frighten you,” he whispers. “You didn’t,” I lie. He arches a brow, amused. “You just took me by surprise,” I whisper, then swallow. Christian is really quite scary sometimes. Leaning down he brushes his lips against mine. “I will do anything to keep you safe. Keep my family safe. Keep this little one safe,” he murmurs and splays his hand out over my belly in a gentle caress. Oh . . . I stop breathing. Christian gazes down at me, his eyes darkening. His lips part as he inhales and, in a deliberate move, the tips of his fingers brush against my sex. Holy shit. Desire detonates like an incendiary device igniting my bloodstream. I grasp his head, my fingers weaving into his hair, and tug hard so my lips find his. He gasps, surprised by my assault, giving
my tongue free passage into his mouth. He groans and kisses me back, his lips and tongue hungry for mine, and for a moment we consume each other, lost in tongues and lips and breaths and sweet, sweet sensation as we rediscover each other. Oh, I want this man. It’s been too long. I want him here, now, in the open air, in our meadow. “Ana,” he breathes, entranced, and his hand skims over my backside to the hem of my skirt. I scramble to unbutton his shirt, all fingers and thumbs. “Whoa, Ana—stop.” He pulls back, his jaw clenched, and grabs my hands. “No.” My teeth clamp gently around his lower lip and I tug. “No,” I murmur again, gazing at him. I release him. “I want you.” He inhales sharply. He’s torn, his indecision writ large in luminous gray eyes. “Please, I need you.” Every pore of my being is begging. This is what we do. He groans in defeat as his mouth finds mine, molding my lips to his. One hand cradles my head while the other skims down my body to my waist, and he eases me onto my back and stretches out beside me, never breaking contact with my mouth. He pulls back, hovering over me and gazing down. “You are so beautiful, Mrs. Grey.” I caress his lovely face. “So are you, Mr. Grey. Inside and out.” He frowns, and my fingers trace the furrow in his brow. “Don’t frown. You are to me, even when you’re angry,” I whisper. He groans once more, and his mouth captures mine, pushing me into the soft grass beneath the blanket. “I’ve missed you,” he whispers, and his teeth graze my jaw. My heart soars. “I’ve missed you, too. Oh, Christian.” I fist one hand in his hair and clutch his shoulder with the other. His lips move to my throat, leaving tender kisses in their wake, and his fingers follow, deftly undoing each button of my blouse. Tugging my blouse apart, he kisses the soft swell of my breasts. He murmurs appreciatively, low in his throat, and the sound echoes through my body to my deep dark places. “Your body’s changing,” he whispers. His thumb teases my nipple until it’s erect and straining against my bra. “I like,” he adds. I watch his tongue taste and trace the line between my bra and my breast, tantalizing and teasing me. Taking my bra cup delicately between his teeth, he pulls it down, freeing my
breast and nuzzling my nipple with his nose in the process. It puckers at his touch and from the chill of the gentle fall breeze. His lips close around me, and he sucks long and hard. “Ah!” I groan, inhaling sharply then wincing as pain radiates outward from my bruised ribs. “Ana!” Christian exclaims and glares down at me, concern etched on his face. “This is what I’m talking about,” he admonishes. “Your lack of self-preservation. I don’t want to hurt you.” “No . . . don’t stop,” I whimper. He stares at me, warring with himself. “Please.” “Here.” Abruptly he moves, and I’m sitting astride him, my short skirt now bunched up around my hips. His hands glide over the top of my thigh-highs. “There. That’s better, and I can enjoy the view.” He reaches up and hooks his long index finger into my other bra cup, freeing that breast, too. He grasps both of my breasts, and I throw my head back, pushing them into his welcome, expert hands. He teases me, tugging and rolling my nipples until I cry out, then sits up so we’re nose to nose, his greedy gray eyes on mine. He kisses me, his fingers still teasing me. I scramble for his shirt, undoing the first two buttons, and it’s like sensory overload—I want to be kissing him everywhere, undressing him, making love with him all at once. “Hey—” He gently grasps my head and pulls back, eyes dark and full of sensual promise. “There’s no rush. Take it slow. I want to savor you.” “Christian, it’s been so long.” I’m panting. “Slow,” he whispers, and it’s a command. He kisses the right corner of my mouth. “Slow.” He kisses the left corner. “Slow, baby.” He tugs my bottom lip with his teeth. “Let’s take this slow.” He unfurls his fingers in my hair, keeping me in place as his tongue invades my mouth, seeking, tasting, calming . . . inflaming. Oh, my man can kiss. I caress his face, my fingers moving tentatively down to his chin then to his throat, and I start again on the buttons of his shirt, taking my time, as he continues to kiss me. Slowly I pull his shirt apart, my fingers trailing over his clavicles, feeling their way across his warm, silky skin. I push him gently back until he’s lying beneath me. Sitting up, I gaze down at him, aware that I’m squirming against his growing erection. Hmm. I trace my fingers across his lips to his jaw then down his neck, over his Adam’s apple to that little dip at the base of his throat. My beautiful man. I lean down, and my kisses follow the tips of my fingers. My teeth graze his jaw and kiss his throat. He closes his eyes. “Ah.” He groans and tilts his head back, giving me easier access to the base of his throat, his mouth slack and open in silent veneration.
Christian lost and aroused is just so exhilarating . . . and so arousing to me. My tongue trails down his sternum, twirling through his chest hair. Hmm. He tastes so good. He smells so good. Intoxicating. I kiss first one, then two of his small round scars, and he grasps my hips, so my fingers halt on his chest as I gaze down at him. His breathing is harsh. “You want this? Here?” he breathes, his eyes hooded with a heady combination of love and lust. “Yes,” I murmur, and my lips and tongue graze across his chest to his nipple. I pull and roll it gently with my teeth. “Oh, Ana,” he whispers and circling my waist he lifts me, tugging at his button and fly so he springs free. He sits me down again, and I push against him, delighting in the feel of him hot and hard beneath me. He runs his hands up my thighs, pausing where my thigh-highs stop and my flesh begins, his hands running small teasing circles at the top of my thighs so that the tips of his thumbs touch me . . . touch me where I want to be touched. I gasp. “I hope you’re not attached to your underwear,” he murmurs, his eyes wild and bright. His fingers trace the elastic along my belly then slide inside, teasing me, before grabbing my panties tightly and pushing his thumbs through the delicate material. My panties disintegrate. His hands splay out on my thighs, and his thumbs brush against my sex once more. He flexes his hips so his erection rubs against me. “I can feel how wet you are.” His voice is tinged with carnal appreciation, and he suddenly sits up, his arm around my waist again, so we’re nose to nose. He rubs his nose against mine. “We’re going to take this slow, Mrs. Grey. I want to feel all of you.” He lifts me, and with exquisite, frustrating, slow ease, lowers me onto him. I feel each blessed inch of him fill me. “Ah—” I moan incoherently as I reach out to clasp his arms. I try to lift myself off him for some welcome friction, but he holds me in place. “All of me,” he whispers, and tilts his pelvis, pushing himself into me all the way. I throw my head back and let out a strangled cry of pure pleasure. “Let me hear you,” he murmurs. “No—don’t move, just feel.” I open my eyes, my mouth frozen in a silent Ah! And he’s gazing at me, hooded, licentious gray eyes into dazed blue. He shifts, rolling his hips, but holds me in place. I groan. His lips are at my throat, kissing me.
“This is my favorite place. Buried in you,” he murmurs against my skin. “Please, move,” I plead. “Slow, Mrs. Grey.” He flexes his hips again and pleasure radiates through me. I cup his face and kiss him, consuming him. “Love me. Please, Christian.” His teeth skim my jaw up to my ear. “Go,” he whispers, and he lifts me up and down. My inner goddess is unleashed, and I push him down on the ground and start to move, savoring the feeling of him inside me . . . riding him . . . riding him hard. With his hands around my waist he matches my rhythm. I have missed this . . . the heady feeling of him beneath me, inside me . . . the sun on my back, the sweet smell of fall in the air, the gentle autumnal breeze. It’s a heady fusion of senses: touch, taste, smell, and the sight of my beloved husband beneath me. “Oh, Ana,” he groans. Eyes closed, head back, mouth open. Ah . . . I love this. And inside, I’m building . . . building . . . climbing . . . higher. Christian’s hands move to my thighs, and delicately his thumbs press at their apex, and I explode around him over and over and over and over, and I collapse, sprawled on his chest as he cries out in turn, letting go and calling out my name with love and joy. He cuddles me against his chest, cradling my head. Hmm. Closing my eyes, I savor the feel of his arms around me. My hand is on his chest, feeling the steady beat of his heart as it slows and calms. I kiss and nuzzle him, and marvel briefly that not long ago he would not have let me do this. “Better?” he whispers. I raise my head. He’s grinning broadly. “Much. You?” My answering grin reflects his. “I’ve missed you, Mrs. Grey.” He’s serious for a moment. “Me, too.” “No more heroics, eh?” “No,” I promise. “You should always talk to me,” he whispers. “Back at you, Grey.”
He smirks. “Fair point well made. I’ll try.” He kisses my hair. “I think we’re going to be happy here,” I whisper, closing my eyes again. “Yep. You, me and . . . Blip. How do you feel, incidentally?” “Fine. Relaxed. Happy.” “Good.” “You?” “Yeah, all those things,” he murmurs. I look up at him, trying to gauge his expression. “What?” he asks. “You know, you’re very bossy when we have sex.” “Are you complaining?” “No. I’m just wondering . . . you said you missed it.” He stills, gazing at me. “Sometimes,” he whispers. Oh. “Well, we’ll have to see what we can do about that,” I murmur and kiss him lightly on his lips, curling around him like a vine. Images of us together, in the playroom; the Tallis, the table, on the cross, shackled to the bed . . . I love his kinky fuckery—our kinky fuckery. Yes. I can do that stuff. I can do that for him, with him. I can do that for me. My skin tingles as I remember the riding crop. “I like to play, too,” I murmur, and glancing up, I’m treated to his shy smile. “You know, I’d really like to test your limits,” he whispers. “My limits for what?” “Pleasure.” “Oh, I think I’d like that.” My inner goddess drops into a dead faint. “Well, maybe when we get home,” he whispers, leaving that promise hanging between us. I nuzzle him once more. I love him so. ~o0o~ It’s been two days since our picnic. Two days since the promise of well, maybe when we get home was made. Christian is still treating me like I’m made of glass. He still won’t let me go to work, so I have been
working from home. I put the stack of query letters I’ve been reading aside on my desk and sigh. Christian and I haven’t been back in the playroom since I safe worded. And he’s said he misses it. Well, so do I . . . especially now that he wants to explore my limits. I flush, thinking what that could possibly entail. I glance at the billiard table . . . Yes I can’t wait to explore those. My thoughts are interrupted by soft, lyrical music that fills the apartment. Christian is playing the piano; not one of his usual laments but a sweet melody, a hopeful melody—one that I recognize, but have never heard him play. I tiptoe to the archway of the great room and watch Christian at the piano. It’s dusk. The sky is an opulent pink, and the light is reflected off his burnished copper hair. He looks his beautiful breathtaking self, concentrating as he plays, unaware of my presence. He’s been so forthcoming over the last few days, so attentive—offering small insights into his day, his thoughts, his plans. It’s as if he’s breached a dam and started talking. I know he’ll come to check on me in a few minutes, and it gives me an idea. Excited, I steal away, hoping that he still hasn’t noticed me, and race to our room, stripping off my clothes as I go, until I’m wearing nothing but pale blue lace panties. I find a pale blue camisole and slip into it quickly. It will hide my bruise. Diving into the closet, I pull out Christian’s faded jeans—his playroom jeans, my favorite jeans— from the drawer. From my bedside table I pick up my BlackBerry, fold the jeans neatly, and kneel by the bedroom door. The door is ajar, and I can hear the strains of another piece, one I don’t know. But it’s another hopeful tune; it’s lovely. Quickly I type an email. From: Anastasia Grey Subject: My Husband’s Pleasure Date: September 21, 2011 20:45 To: Christian Grey Sir I await your instructions. Yours always
Mrs. G x I press send. A few moments later the music stops abruptly. My heart lurches and starts pounding. I wait and wait and eventually my BlackBerry buzzes. From: Christian Grey Subject: My Husband’s Pleasure <---love this title baby Date: September 21, 2011 20:48 To: Anastasia Grey Mrs. G I’m intrigued. I’l come find you. Be ready. Christian Grey Anticipative CEO, Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc. Be ready! My heart starts to pound and I begin to count. Thirtyseven seconds later the door opens. I’m looking down at his bare feet as they pause on the threshold. Hmm. He says nothing. For ages he says nothing. Oh shit. I resist the urge to look up at him and keep my eyes downcast. Finally, he reaches down and picks up his jeans. He stays silent but heads into the walk-in closet while I remain stock-still. Oh my . . . this is it. My heart is thundering, and I relish the rush of adrenaline that spikes through my body. I squirm as my excitement builds. What will he do to me? A few moments later he’s back, wearing the jeans. “So you want to play?” he murmurs. “Yes.” He says nothing, and I risk a quick glance . . . up his jeans, his denim clad thighs, the soft bulge at his fly, the open button at the waist, his happy trail, his navel, his chiseled abdomen, his chest hair, his gray eyes blazing, and his head cocked to one side. He’s arching an
eyebrow. Oh shit. “Yes what?” he whispers. Oh. “Yes, Sir.” His eyes soften. “Good girl,” he murmurs, and he caresses my head. “I think we’d better get you upstairs now,” he adds. My insides liquefy, and my belly clenches in that delicious way. He takes my hand and I follow him through the apartment and up the stairs. Outside the playroom door, he halts and bends and kisses me gently before grasping my hair hard. “You know, you’re topping from the bottom,” he murmurs against my lips. “What?” I don’t understand what he’s talking about. “Don’t worry. I’ll live with it,” he whispers, amused, and he runs his nose along my jaw and gently bites my ear. “Once inside, kneel, like I’ve shown you.” “Yes . . . Sir.” He gazes down at me, eyes shining with love, wonder, and wicked thoughts. Jeez . . . Life is never going to be boring with Christian, and I’m in this for the long haul. I love this man: my husband, my lover, father of my child, my sometimes Dominant . . . my Fifty Shades. Epilogue
The Big House, May 2014 I lie on our tartan picnic blanket and gaze up at the clear, blue, summer sky, my view framed by meadow flowers and tall green grasses. The heat of the afternoon summer sun warms my skin, my bones and my belly, and I relax, my body turning to Jell-O. This is comfortable. Hell no . . . this is wonderful. I savor the moment, a moment of peace, a moment of pure and utter contentment. I should feel guilty for feeling this joy, this completeness, but I don’t. Life right here right now is good, and I’ve learned to appreciate it and live in the moment like my husband. I smile and squirm as my mind drifts to the delicious memory of last night at our home in Escala . . . ~o0o~ The strands of the flogger skim across my swollen belly at an aching, languorous pace. “Have you had enough yet, Ana?” Christian whispers in my ear. “Oh, please.” I beg, pulling on the restraints above my head as I stand blindfolded and tethered to the grid in the playroom. The flogger’s sweet sting bites into my behind. “Please what?” I gasp. “Please, Sir.” Christian places his hand over my ringing skin and rubs gently. “There. There. There.” His words are soft. His hand moves south and around, and his fingers slide inside me. I groan. “Mrs. Grey,” he breathes, and his teeth pull at my earlobe. “You’re so ready.” His fingers slide in and out of me, hitting that spot, that sweet, sweet spot again. The flogger clatters onto the floor and his hand moves over my belly and up to my breasts. I tense. They are sensitive. “Hush,” Christian says, cupping one, and he gently brushes his thumb over my nipple. “Ah.” His fingers are gentle and enticing, and pleasure spirals out from my breast, down, down . . . deep down. I tilt my head back, pushing my nipple into his palm, and moan once more.
“I like to hear you,” Christian whispers. His erection is at my hip, the buttons of his fly pressing into my flesh as his fingers continue their relentless assault: in, out, in, out—keeping a rhythm. “Shall I make you come like this?” he asks. “No.” His fingers stop moving inside me. “Really, Mrs. Grey? Is it up to you?” His fingers tighten around my nipple. “No . . . No, Sir.” “That’s better.” “Ah. Please,” I beg. “What do you want, Anastasia?” “You. Always.” He inhales sharply. “All of you,” I add, breathless. He eases his fingers out of me, pulls me around to face him, and removes the blindfold. I blink up into darkening gray eyes that burn into mine. His index fingers trace my bottom lip, and he pushes his index and middle fingers into my mouth, letting me taste the salty tang of my arousal. “Suck,” he whispers. I swirl my tongue around and between his fingers. Hmm . . . even I taste good on his fingers. His hands skim up my arms to the cuffs above my head, and he unclips them, freeing me. Turning me around so I’m facing the wall, he tugs on my braid, pulling me into his arms. He angles my head to one side and skims his lips up my throat to my ear while holding me flush against him. “I want in your mouth.” His voice is soft and seductive. My body, ripe and ready, clenches deep inside. The pleasure is sweet and sharp. I moan. Turning to face him, I pull his head down to mine and kiss him hard, my tongue invading his mouth, tasting and savoring him. He groans, places his hands on my behind and tugs me against him, but only my pregnant belly touches him. I bite his jaw and trail kisses down his throat and run my fingers down to his jeans. He tilts his head back, exposing more of his throat to me, and I run my tongue down to his chest and through his chest hair.
“Ah.” I tug the waistband of his jeans, the buttons popping, and he grasps my shoulders as I sink to my knees in front of him. As I gaze up at him through my lashes, he stares down at me. His eyes are dark, his lips parted, and he inhales deeply when I free him and ensnare him with my mouth. I love doing this to Christian. Watching him come apart, hearing his breath hitch, and the soft moans he makes deep in his throat. I close my eyes and suck hard, pressing down on him, relishing his taste and his breathless gasp. He grasps my head, stilling me, and I sheath my teeth with my lips and push him deeper into my mouth. “Open your eyes and look at me,” he orders, his voice low. Blazing eyes meet mine and he flexes his hips, filling my mouth to the back of my throat then withdrawing quickly. He pushes into me again and I reach up to grab him. He stops and holds me in place. “Don’t touch or I’ll cuff you again. I just want your mouth,” he growls. Oh my. Like that is it? I put my hands behind my back and gaze up at him innocently, his cock in my mouth. “Good girl,” he says, smirking down at me, his voice hoarse. He eases back, and holding me gently but firmly, he pushes into me again. “You have such a fuckable mouth, Mrs. Grey.” He closes his eyes and eases into my mouth as I squeeze him between my lips, running my tongue over and around him. I take him deeper and withdraw, again and again and again, the air hissing between his teeth. “Ah! Stop,” he says, and he pulls out of me, leaving me wanting more. He grasps my shoulders and pulls me to my feet. Grabbing my braid, he kisses me hard, his persistent tongue greedy and giving at once. Suddenly he releases me, and before I know it, he’s lifted me into his arms and moved over to the four- poster. Gently, he lays me down so that my behind is just on the edge of the bed. “Wrap your legs around my waist,” he orders. I do as I’m bid and pull him toward me. He leans down, hands either side of my head, and still standing, very slowly eases himself into me. Oh, that feels so good. I close my eyes and revel in his slow possession. “Okay?” he asks, his concern evident in his tone. “Oh, God, Christian. Yes. Yes. Please.” I tighten my legs around him and push against him. He groans. I clasp his arms, and he flexes his hips slowly at first, in, out. “Christian, please. Harder—I won’t break.” He groans and starts to move, really move, pounding into me again and again. Oh, it’s heavenly.
“Yes,” I gasp, tightening my hold on him as I start to build . . . He moans, grinding into me with renewed determination . . . and I’m close. Oh, please. Don’t stop. “Come on, Ana,” he groans through gritted teeth, and I explode around him, my orgasm going on and on and on. I call out his name and Christian stills, groaning loudly, as he climaxes inside me. “Ana,” he cries. Christian lies beside me, his hand caressing my belly, his long fingers splayed out wide. “How’s my daughter?” “She’s dancing.” I laugh. “Dancing? Oh yes! Wow. I can feel her.” He grins as Blip Two somersaults inside me. “I think she likes sex already.” Christian frowns. “Really?” he says dryly. He moves so his lips are against my bump. “There’ll be none of that until you’re thirty, young lady.” I giggle. “Oh, Christian, you are such a hypocrite.” “No, I’m an anxious father.” He gazes up at me, his brow furrowed betraying his anxiety. “You’re a wonderful father, as I knew you would be.” I caress his lovely face, and he gives me his shy smile. “I like this,” he murmurs stroking then kissing my belly. “There’s more of you.” I pout. “I don’t like more of me.” “It’s great when you come.” “Christian!” “And I’m looking forward to the taste of breast milk again.” “Christian! You are such a kinky—”
He swoops on me suddenly, kissing me hard, throwing his leg over mine, and grabbing my hands so they are above my head. “You love the kinky fuckery,” he whispers, and he runs his nose down mine. I grin, caught in his infectious, wicked smile. “Yes, I love the kinky fuckery. And I love you. Very much.” ~o0o~ I jerk awake, woken by a high-pitched squeal of delight from my son, and even though I can’t see him or Christian, I grin like an idiot with my glee. Ted has woken from his nap, and he and Christian are romping nearby. I lie quietly, still marveling at Christian’s capacity for play. His patience with Teddy is extraordinary—much more so than with me. I snort. But then, that’s how it should be. And my beautiful little boy, the apple of his mother and father’s eyes, knows no fear. Christian, on the other hand, is still far too overprotective—of both of us. My sweet, mercurial, controlling Fifty. “Let’s find Mommy. She’s here in the meadow somewhere.” Ted says something I don’t hear, and Christian laughs freely, happily. It’s a magical sound, filled with his paternal joy. I can’t resist. I struggle up onto my elbows to spy on them from my hiding place in the long grass. Christian is swinging Ted around and around, making him squeal once more in delight. He stops, launches him high into the air––I stop breathing––then he catches him. Ted shrieks with childish abandon and I breathe a sigh of relief. Oh my little man, my darling little man, always on the go. “‘Gain, Daddy!” he squeals. Christian obliges, and my heart leaps into my mouth once more as he tosses Teddy into the air then catches him again, clutching him close. Christian kisses Ted’s copper-colored hair, and blows a kiss on his cheek. Teddy is oblivious. He squirms, pushing Christian’s chest and wanting out of his arms. Grinning, Christian sets him on the ground. “Let’s find Mommy. She’s hiding in the grass.” Ted beams, enjoying the game, and looks around the meadow. Grasping Christian’s hand, he points to somewhere I’m not, and it makes me giggle. I lie back down quickly, delighting in this game. “Ted, I heard Mommy. Did you hear her?” “Mommy! ” I giggle-snort at Ted’s imperious tone. Jeez—so like his dad, and he’s only two. “Teddy!” I call back, gazing up the sky with a ridiculous grin on my face. “Mommy!”
All too soon I hear their footsteps trampling through the meadow, and first Ted then Christian bursts through the long grass. “Mommy!” Ted screeches as if he’s found the lost treasure of the Sierra Madre and he leaps onto me. “Hey, baby boy!” I cradle him against me and kiss his chubby cheek. He giggles and kisses me in return, then struggles out of my arms. “Hello, Mommy.” Christian smiles down at me. “Hello, Daddy.” I grin up at him. He leans down, picks Ted up, and sits down beside me with our son in his lap. “Gently with Mommy,” he admonishes Ted. I smirk—the irony is not lost on me. From his pocket, Christian produces his BlackBerry and gives it to Ted. This will probably win us five minutes’ peace, maximum. Teddy studies it, his little brow furrowed. He looks so serious, blue eyes concentrating hard, just like his daddy does when he reads his e-mails. Christian nuzzles Ted’s hair, and my heart swells to look at them both. Two peas in a pod: my son sitting quietly—for a few moments at least—in my husband’s lap. My two favorite men in the whole world. Of course, Ted is the most beautiful and talented child on the planet, but then I am his mother so I would think that. And Christian is . . . well, Christian is just himself. In white T-shirt and jeans, he looks as hot as usual. What did I do to win such a prize? “You look well, Mrs. Grey.” “As do you, Mr. Grey.” “Isn’t Mommy pretty?” Christian whispers in Ted’s ear. Ted swats him away, more interested in Daddy’s BlackBerry. I giggle. “You can’t get around him.” “I know.” Christian grins and kisses Ted’s hair. “I can’t believe he’ll be two tomorrow.” His tone is wistful. Reaching across, he spreads his hand over my bump. “Let’s have lots of children,” he says. “One more at least.” I grin, and he caresses my belly. “How is my daughter?” “She’s good. Asleep, I think.”
“Hello, Mr. Grey. Hi, Ana.” We both turn to see Sophie, Taylor’s ten-year-old daughter, appear out of the long grass. “Soeee,” Ted squeals with delighted recognition. He struggles out of Christian’s lap, discarding the BlackBerry. “I have some popsicles from Gail,” Sophie says. “Can I give one to Ted?” “Sure.” I say. Oh dear, this is going to be messy. “Pop!” Ted holds out his hands and Sophie passes one to him. It’s dripping already. “Here—let Mommy see.” I sit up, take the popsicle from Ted, and quickly slip it into my mouth, licking off the excess juice. Hmm . . . cranberry, cool and delicious. “Mine!” Ted protests, his voice ringing with indignation. “Here you go.” I hand him back a slightly less runny popsicle, and it goes straight into his mouth. He grins at me. “Can Ted and I go for a walk?” Sophie asks. “Sure.” “Don’t go too far,” Christian adds. “No, Mr. Grey.” Sophie’s hazel eyes are wide and serious. I think she’s a little frightened of Christian. She holds her hand out, and Teddy takes it willingly. They trudge away together through the long grass. Christian watches them. “They’ll be fine, Christian. What harm could come to them here?” He frowns at me momentarily, and I crawl over and into his lap. “Besides, Ted is completely smitten with Sophie.” Christian snorts and nuzzles my hair. “She’s a delightful child.” “She is. So pretty, too. A blonde angel.” Christian stills and places his hands on my belly. “Girls, eh?” There’s a hint of trepidation in his voice. I curl my hand behind his head.
“You don’t have to worry about your daughter for at least another three months. I have her covered here. Okay?” He kisses me behind my ear and scrapes his teeth around the edge to the lobe. “Whatever you say, Mrs. Grey.” Then he bites me. I yelp. “I enjoyed last night,” he says. “We should do that more often.” “Me, too.” “And we could, if you stopped working . . .” I roll my eyes and he tightens his arms around me and grins into my neck. “Are you rolling your eyes at me Mrs. Grey?” His threat is implicit but sensual, making me squirm, but as we’re in the middle of the meadow with the kids nearby . . . I ignore his invitation. “Grey Publishing has an author in the New York Times bestsellers— Boyce Fox’s sales are phenomenal, the e-book side of our business has exploded, and I finally have the team I want around me.” “And you’re making money in these difficult times,” Christian adds, his voice reflecting his pride. “But . . . I like you barefoot and pregnant and in my kitchen.” I lean back so I can see his face. He gazes down at me, eyes bright. “I like that, too,” I murmur. Leaning down, he kisses me, his hands still spread across my bump. Seeing he’s in a good mood, I decide to broach a delicate subject. “Have you thought any more about my suggestion?” I ask. He stills. “Ana, the answer is no.” “But Ella is such a lovely name.” “I am not calling my daughter after my mother. No. End of discussion.” “Are you sure?” “Yes.” Grasping my chin, he gazes earnestly down at me, radiating exasperation. “Ana, give it up. I don’t want my daughter tainted by my past.”
“Okay. I’m sorry.” Shit . . . I don’t want to anger him. “That’s better. Stop trying to fix it,” he mutters. “You got me to admit I loved her, you dragged me to her grave. Enough.” Oh no. I twist in his lap to straddle him and grasp his head in my hands. “I’m sorry. Really. Don’t be angry with me, please.” Leaning forward, I kiss him. Then kiss the corner of his mouth. After a beat, he points to the other corner, and I smile and kiss it. He points to his nose. I kiss that. He grins and places his hands on my backside. “Oh, Mrs. Grey—what am I going to do with you?” “I’m sure you’ll think of something,” I murmur. He grins and, twisting suddenly, he pushes me down onto the blanket. “How about I do it now?” he whispers with a salacious smile. “Christian!” I gasp. Suddenly there’s a high-pitched cry from Ted. Christian leaps to his feet with a panther’s easy grace and races toward the source of the sound. I follow at a more leisurely pace. Secretly, I’m not as concerned as Christian—it was not a cry that would make me take the stairs two at a time to find out what’s wrong. Christian swings Teddy up into his arms. Our little boy is crying inconsolably and pointing to the ground, where the remains of his popsicle lie in a soggy mess, melting into the grass. “He dropped it.” Sophie says, sadly. “He could have had mine, but I’ve finished it.” “Oh, Sophie darling, don’t worry.” I stroke her hair. “Mommy!” Ted wails, holding his hands out to me. Christian reluctantly lets him go as I reach for him. “There, there.” “Pop,” he sobs. “I know, baby boy. We’ll go see Mrs. Taylor and get another one.” I kiss his head . . . oh, he smells so good. He smells of my baby boy. “Pop,” he sniffs. I take his hand and kiss his sticky fingers. “I can taste your popsicle here on your fingers.” Ted stops crying and examines his hand. “Put your fingers in your mouth.” He does.
“Pop!” “Yes. Popsicle.” He grins at me. My mercurial little boy, just like his dad. Well, at least he has an excuse—he’s only two. “Shall we go see Mrs. Taylor?” He nods, smiling his beautiful baby smile. “Will you let Daddy carry you?” He shakes his head and wraps his arms around my neck, hugging me tightly, his face pressed against my throat. “I think Daddy wants to taste popsicle, too,” I whisper in Ted’s little ear. Ted frowns at me, then looks at his hand and holds it out to Christian. Christian smiles and puts Ted’s fingers in his mouth. “Hmm . . . tasty.” Ted giggles and reaches up, wanting Christian to hold him. Christian grins at me and takes Ted in his arms, settling him on his hip. “Sophie, where’s Gail?” “She was in the big house.” I glance at Christian. His smile has turned bittersweet, and I wonder what he’s thinking. “You’re so good with him,” he murmurs. “This little one?” I ruffle Ted’s hair. “It’s only because I have the measure of you Grey men.” I smirk at my husband. He laughs. “Yes, you do, Mrs. Grey.” Teddy squirms out of Christian’s hold. Now he wants to walk, my stubborn little man. I take one of his hands, and his dad takes the other, and together we swing Teddy between us all the way back to the house, Sophie skipping along in front of us. I wave to Taylor who, on a rare day-off, is outside the garage, dressed in jeans and a wife-beater, as he tinkers with an old motorbike. ~o0o~ I pause outside the door to Ted’s room and listen as Christian reads to Ted. “I am the Lorax! I speak for the trees . . .”2 
When I peek in, Teddy is fast asleep while Christian continues to read. He glances up when I open the door and closes the book. He puts his finger to his lips, and switches on the baby monitor beside Ted’s 2 Dr. Seuss. The Lorax. New York: Random House, 1971. crib. Leaning over the crib, he adjusts Ted’s bedclothes, strokes his cheek, then straightens up, and tiptoes over to me without making a sound. It’s hard not to giggle at him. Out in the hallway, Christian pulls me into his embrace. “God, I love him, but it’s great when he’s asleep,” he murmurs against my lips. “I couldn’t agree with you more.” He gazes down at me, eyes soft. “I can hardly believe he’s been with us for two years.” “I know.” I kiss him, and for a moment, I’m transported back to Teddy’s birth: the emergency caesarian, Christian’s crippling anxiety, Dr. Greene’s no-nonsense calm when my Little Blip was in distress. I shudder inwardly at the memory. ~o0o~ “Mrs. Grey, you’ve been in labor for fifteen hours now. Your contractions have slowed in spite of the Pitocin. We need to do a Csection—the baby is in distress.” Dr. Greene is adamant. “About fucking time!” Christian growls at her. Dr. Greene ignores him. “Christian, quiet.” I squeeze his hand. My voice is low and weak and everything is fuzzy—the walls, the machines, the green-gowned people . . . I just want to go to sleep. But I have something important to do first . . . Oh yes. “I wanted to push him out myself.” “Mrs. Grey, please. C-section.” “Please, Ana,” Christian pleads. “Can I sleep then?” “Yes, baby, yes.” It’s almost a sob, and Christian kisses my forehead. “I want to see the Lil’ Blip.” “You will.” “Okay,” I whisper.
“Finally,” Dr. Greene mutters. “Nurse, page the anesthesiologist. Dr. Miller, prep for a C-section. Mrs. Grey, we are going to move you to the OR.” “Move?” Christian and I speak at once. “Yes. Now.” And suddenly we’re moving . . . quickly, the lights on the ceiling blurring into one long bright strip as I’m whisked across the corridor. “Mr. Grey, you’ll need to change into scrubs.” “What?” “Now, Mr. Grey.” He squeezes my hand and releases me. “Christian,” I call, panic setting in. We are through another set of doors, and in no time a nurse is setting up a screen across my chest . . . The door opens and closes, and there’s so many people in the room. It’s so loud . . . I want to go home. “Christian?” I search the faces in the room for my husband. “He’ll be with you in a moment, Mrs. Grey.” A moment later, he’s beside me, in blue scrubs. I reach for his hand. “I’m frightened,” I whisper. “No, baby, no. I’m here. Don’t be frightened. Not my strong Ana.” He kisses my forehead, and I can tell by the tone of his voice that something’s wrong. “What is it?” “What?” “What’s wrong?” “Nothing’s wrong. Everything’s fine. Baby, you’re just exhausted.” His eyes burn with fear. “Mrs. Grey, the anesthesiologist is here. He’s going to adjust your epidural and then we can proceed.”
“She’s having another contraction.” Everything tightens like a steel band around my belly. Shit! I crush Christian’s hand as I ride it out. This is what’s tiring—enduring this pain. I am so tired. I can feel the numbing liquid spread . . . spread down. I concentrate on Christian’s face. On the furrow between his brows. He’s tense. He’s worried. Why is he worried? “Can you feel this, Mrs. Grey?” Dr. Greene’s disembodied voice is coming from behind the curtain. “Feel what?” “You can’t feel it.” “No.” “Good. Dr. Miller, let’s go.” “You’re doing well, Ana.” Christian is pale. There is sweat on his brow. He’s scared. Don’t be scared, Christian. Don’t be scared. “I love you,” I whisper. “Oh Ana,” he sobs. “I love you, too, so much.” I feel a strange pulling deep inside. Like nothing I’ve felt before. Christian looks over the screen and blanches, but stares, fascinated. “What’s happening?” “Suction! Good . . .” Suddenly, there’s a piercing angry cry. “You have a boy, Mrs. Grey. Check his Apgar.” “Apgar is nine.” “Can I see him?” I gasp. Christian disappears from view for a second and reappears a moment later, holding my son, swathed in blue. His face is pink, and covered in white mush and blood. My baby. My Blip . . . Theodore Raymond Grey.
When I glance at Christian, he has tears in his eyes. “Here’s your son, Mrs. Grey,” he whispers, his voice strained and hoarse. “Our son,” I breathe. “He’s beautiful.” “He is,” Christian says and plants a kiss on our beautiful boy’s forehead beneath a shock of dark hair. Theodore Raymond Grey is oblivious. Eyes closed, his earlier crying forgotten, he’s asleep. He is the most beautiful sight I have ever seen. So beautiful, I begin to weep. “Thank you, Ana,” Christian whispers, and there are tears in his eyes too. “What is it?” Christian tilts my chin back. “I was just remembering Ted’s birth.” Christian blanches and cups my belly. “I am not going through that again. Elective caesarian this time.” “Christian, I—” “No, Ana. You nearly fucking died last time. No.” “I did not nearly die.” “No.” He’s emphatic and not to be argued with, but as he gazes down at me, his eyes soften. “I like the name Phoebe,” he whispers, and runs his nose down mine. “Phoebe Grey? Phoebe . . . Yes. I like that, too.” I grin up at him. “Good. I want to set up Ted’s present.” He takes my hand, and we head downstairs. His excitement radiates off him; Christian has been waiting for this moment all day. “Do you think he’ll like it?” His apprehensive gaze meets mine. “He’ll love it. For about two minutes. Christian, he’s only two.” Christian has finished setting up the wooden train set he bought Teddy for his birthday. He’s had Barney at the office convert two of the little engines to run on solar power like the helicopter I gave Christian a few years ago. Christian seems anxious for the sun to rise. I suspect that’s because he wants to play with the train set himself. The layout covers most of the stone floor of our outdoor room. Tomorrow we will
have a family party for Ted. Ray and José will be coming and all the Grey’s, including Ted’s new cousin Ava, Kate and Elliot’s two-month-old daughter. I look forward to catching up with Kate and seeing how motherhood is agreeing with her. I gaze up at the view as the sun sinks behind the Olympic Peninsula. It’s everything Christian promised it would be, and I get the same joyful thrill seeing it now as I did the first time. It’s simply stunning: twilight over the Sound. Christian pulls me into his arms. “It’s quite a view.” “It is,” Christian answers, and when I turn to look at him, he’s gazing down at me. He leans down and plants a soft kiss on my lips. “It’s a beautiful view,” he murmurs. “My favorite.” “It’s home.” He grins and kisses me again. “I love you, Mrs. Grey.” “I love you, too, Christian. Always.” The End



